We haven't started that yet but it will more of a smaller three to four people one on one with the teacher.
Yeah, well, I know I've not 'ad bath for a good few seasons, but there's no need to 'urt my feelin's.
Kealy and other members of the team took up positions behind the sand-bag parapet on the roof of the BATT house, firing at the Adoo with L1A1 SLR battle rifles, with one man firing the Browning M2HB heavy machine gun, with a further two men on ground level operating and firing an infantry mortar surrounded by sand-bags.
Neal Foulds (born 13 July 1963) is an English former professional snooker player and six-times tournament winner, including the 1986 International Open, the 1988 Dubai Masters and the 1992 Scottish Masters, as well as the invitational Pot Black in 1992.
After an uneventful few months, RAF Fighter Command resumed its offensive policy in April 1942 when the weather cleared for large-scale operations.
A further five victories against Fw 190s were achieved in June.
With an extra two to three people?
The popular nature of the revolt is evident in the fact that posters and notices were being handed out a full three days before the substantive acts of the revolution occurred on 12 January 1848.
As of June 2019, there are eighteen Accredited European Schools located in thirteen EU countries, with a further three schools engaged in the accreditation process.
The historical significance of the first European School, founded a mere 8 years after the end of World War II, was not lost on its architects.
As of June 2019, there are eighteen Accredited European Schools located in thirteen EU countries, with a further three schools engaged in the accreditation process.
“Little Hans had a great many friends, but the most devoted friend of all was big Hugh the Miller.
I know it is very generous of me, and a great many people would think me extremely foolish for parting with it, but I am not like the rest of the world.
“He has a great many good points, but for my own part I have a mother’s feelings, and I can never look at a confirmed bachelor without the tears coming into my eyes.”
She was one of those people who think that, if you say the same thing over and over a great many times, it becomes true in the end.
Her nephew, a merry boy, who was his aunt's darling, begged so long for these spectacles, that, at last, she lent him the treasure, after having informed him, with many exhortations, that in order to execute the interesting trick, he need only repair to some place where a great many persons were assembled; and then, from a higher position, whence he could overlook the crowd, pass the company in review before him through his spectacles.
Spencer had begun the painting by making a small oil study and several drawings from memory before visiting Turks Boatyard beside Cookham Bridge to confirm his composition.
The last of them was a 3–2 complete game over the Cardinals at the Astrodome on June 25, in which he recorded a career-high 15 strikeouts.
During the 1969 season, Cuellar achieved a win-loss record of 23–11, struck out 182 batters, and recorded an excellent 2.38 earned run average, as Baltimore won a club-record 109 games and the very first American League East Division title (prior to the season, both the American League and National League had been divided into East and West Divisions).
So resting for a final few moments in stillness, in silence, full wakefulness, in full awareness, outside of time, as if you had nothing to do, no place to go.
The girl had to ride for a great many days, and for a long and wearisome time, before she got there; but at last she did arrive, and then she asked the East Wind if he could tell her the way to the Prince who dwelt east of the sun and west of the moon.
Once upon a time there lived a queen who had been the mother of a great many children, and of them all only one daughter was left.
A good many years had passed -- seventeen , in fact -- since Queen Rosalind was married , but you would not think it to look at her .
One is "Unidad Deportiva Faustino Félix Serna" with many different baseball, baseball and softball fields, basketball courts, a pool, a professional baseball stadium, a professional basketball arena and many other sport facilities.
Bidding the tradesmen enter , he showed them a large collection of miscellaneous things : an old cap or two , a pair of boots of a sort long out of fashion , an old broadsword , a shabby old Persian rug , an ivory spy - glass , and other articles .
He had often seen him play a great many cunning tricks to catch rats and mice, as when he used to hang by the heels, or hide himself in the meal, and make as if he were dead; so that he did not altogether despair of his affording him some help in his miserable condition.
The generally accepted figure is that reported by the "Manchester Guardian" at the time, of an estimated 400 people.
Now the Queen had been shut up in a great tower by the King’s orders, and when a great many days went by and still she heard nothing from the Fairy she made her escape from the window by means of a rope ladder, taking her little baby with her.
The Fairy Paribanou , I am sure , taught you nothing beyond the ordinary magical accomplishments suited to your rank ; but there are a great many things in the Cornelius which I think you should not study till you are older and wiser . ''
On November 12, 2014, the Central Bank of Nigeria issued a special 100 naira note to celebrate the 100 years of Nigeria's existence.
An estimated 20% of children leaving kindergarten fail to adjust to elementary school requirements and are in need of special schooling.
Once upon a time, in a large forest, there lived an old woman and three maidens.
`` I 've done a good many difficult things , '' said Dick , modestly .
It was not that the fagot-maker was not, perhaps, more vexed than his wife, but that she teased him, and that he was of the humor of a great many others, who love wives to speak well, but think those very importunate who are continually doing so.
In the course of a great many journeys to the forest he carried away many rich stuffs and much fine linen, and set up a shop opposite that of Ali Baba’s son.
However, in the straight Mennea gained ground and passed Quarrie and Leonard and at the very end of the race, just beating Wells, winning the gold by a mere 0.02 seconds.
In 1983, in Cassino, he clocked a manual 14.8 seconds in 150 metres, a world best time that he held until it was bettered by Usain Bolt in Manchester in 2009.
Then Trusty John saw there was no way out of it, so with a heavy heart and many sighs he took the key from the big bunch.
The floor ultimately was raised an additional seven to eight feet (2.0 to 2.5 m) and up to 30 feet (9.0 m) near the upper entrance.
And, that you may better comprehend what it is, I must tell you it is the fruit of the study and experiments of a celebrated philosopher of this city, who applied himself all his lifetime to the study and knowledge of the virtues of plants and minerals, and at last attained to this composition, by which he performed such surprising cures in this town as will never be forgot, but died suddenly himself, before he could apply his sovereign remedy, and left his wife and a great many young children behind him, in very indifferent circumstances, who, to support her family and provide for her children, is resolved to sell it.”
While the crier informed Prince Ahmed of the virtues of the artificial apple, a great many persons came about them and confirmed what he said; and one among the rest said he had a friend dangerously ill, whose life was despaired of; and that was a favorable opportunity to show Prince Ahmed the experiment.
A great many officers came to attend the Prince while he dismounted his horse, and afterward conducted him into the Sultan’s apartment, who was at that time surrounded with his favorites.
And so will a good many other folks."
He next asked the old woman to show him where the King’s daughters lay; and the old woman took him upstairs and opened a great many doors, and out of every door came a beautiful lady who had been imprisoned there by the Etin; and ane o’ the ladies was the King’s daughter.
The girl had to ride for a great many days , and for a long and wearisome time , before she got there ; but at last she did arrive , and then she asked the East Wind if he could tell her the way to the Prince who dwelt east of the sun and west of the moon .
THE YELLOW DWARF Once upon a time there lived a queen who had been the mother of a great many children , and of them all only one daughter was left .
"I am afraid that a good many people know about them, most undesirable
On December 15, 2014, Olynyk scored a career-high 30 points in a 105-87 win over the Philadelphia 76ers.
alright i'm gonna take a quick two minutes be right back .
He weighed – during filming, but in the film he was billed at ; one publisher said of Drago, "He's a hulking 261 pounds of merciless fighting machine, the best that Soviet science & medicine can create".
This was followed by a further six weeks of filming in the "Reno-Tahoe area".
Ah well it's a good few years for this.
These blocks were lifted and put back together on a new site 65 meters higher, and 200 meters further back from the river.
He had often seen him play a great many cunning tricks to catch rats and mice , as when he used to hang by the heels , or hide himself in the meal , and make as if he were dead ; so that he did not altogether despair of his affording him some help in his miserable condition .
The 2015 event is the 26th edition with a record 32 teams competing.
Now the Queen had been shut up in a great tower by the King 's orders , and when a great many days went by and still she heard nothing from the Fairy she made her escape from the window by means of a rope ladder , taking her little baby with her .
Hard by a great forest dwelt a wood-cutter with his wife, who had an only child, a little girl three years old.
Then Faithful John saw that there was no help for it now, and with a heavy heart and many sighs, sought out the key from the great bunch.
They are the most beautiful and valuable things that have ever been made in gold.” She wanted to have everything brought to her there, but he said, “There are so many of them that it would take a great many days to do that, and so many rooms would be required to exhibit them, that your house is not big enough.” Then her curiosity and longing were still more excited, until at last she said, “Conduct me to the ship, I will go there myself, and behold the treasures of thine master.”
THE GOLD-SPINNERS Once upon a time , in a large forest , there lived an old woman and three maidens .
Under the 1939 White Paper, Jews could only send a further 75,000 immigrants over 5 years and the goal of giving over Israel to Palestine.
The album went on to sell over 850,000 copies in the UK (double platinum), and a further 250,000 copies in the United States.
The album itself followed in March 1999 to mixed reviews, and only sold a mere 25,000 copies in its first week as it crawled in at Number 9 on the album chart, spending only 10 weeks in the UK Top 75.
Scholes netted a career-high 20 goals in all competitions in the 2002–03 season, including a hat-trick in a 6–2 win against Newcastle.
It was not that the fagot-maker was not , perhaps , more vexed than his wife , but that she teased him , and that he was of the humor of a great many others , who love wives to speak well , but think those very importunate who are continually doing so .
Uchū Ryokō" caused a similar incident, when a reported four children were taken to hospitals by ambulances after viewing a scene with red and white flashing colours.
On 28 June 2005 Capill entered guilty pleas on a further three charges of indecent assault, one of rape, and one of unlawful sexual connection, all committed against girls under the age of 12.
In the course of a great many journeys to the forest he carried away many rich stuffs and much fine linen , and set up a shop opposite that of Ali Baba 's son .
And during a certain fatal three days when the
has got nothing to do with it but she's working an extra two and a half hours a week and getting half an hour off, you know I mean you, in all
Before the rally, Sanders spoke to an additional 3,000 supporters outside who could not get into the arena.
Then Trusty John saw there was no way out of it , so with a heavy heart and many sighs he took the key from the big bunch .
Then she combed his hair again, and he fell asleep, so once more she took her handkerchief, tied a knot in it, and struck the ground thrice with the knot, and said, “Earth-workers, come forth.” In a moment a great many little earth-men came and asked what she desired, and she told them that in three hours’ time, they must have the fish-pond entirely cleaned out, and it must be so clear that people could see themselves reflected in it, and every kind of fish must be in it.
Four legs grew on him, a large head and two thick ears, and he saw with horror that he was changed into an ass.
There was a great deal more stamping of feet and handclapping, and then
Another fucking few minutes, he could be a stool.
In the autumn a great many sparrows assembled together in a wheatfield, and there the old bird met his four children again, and full of joy took them home with him.
Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun-Times" lauded the film, awarding it a full four stars and describing it as "unflinchingly honest, and so well acted that for most of the film I abandoned any detachment and just watched it as if I were observing the lives of real people."
And , that you may better comprehend what it is , I must tell you it is the fruit of the study and experiments of a celebrated philosopher of this city , who applied himself all his lifetime to the study and knowledge of the virtues of plants and minerals , and at last attained to this composition , by which he performed such surprising cures in this town as will never be forgot , but died suddenly himself , before he could apply his sovereign remedy , and left his wife and a great many young children behind him , in very indifferent circumstances , who , to support her family and provide for her children , is resolved to sell it . ''
Soon after this a great festival three days long was to be held at the King’s court, and the whole country was invited to it.
A great many officers came to attend the Prince while he dismounted his horse , and afterward conducted him into the Sultan 's apartment , who was at that time surrounded with his favorites .
And he took his gun, and his bow and arrows, and a great many other weapons, "for," he said, "I may want them."
Then the tiger called the Raja's son, and when he came the tiger and his wife made him a great many salaams.
A great many Rajas and Rajas' sons have come here to marry her, and her father has had them all killed.
He next asked the old woman to show him where the King 's daughters lay ; and the old woman took him upstairs and opened a great many doors , and out of every door came a beautiful lady who had been imprisoned there by the Etin ; and ane o ' the ladies was the King 's daughter .
Once there was a king called King Dantal, who had a great many rupees and soldiers and horses.
After a great many years he grew more cheerful and happy, and began to go again into his father's beautiful garden with Husain Mahamat.
Currently, ratification by an additional ten states would be necessary for this amendment to become law.
It meant a great many things, but in short it meant what it was to be Roman (that is, Roman-ness).
If you obey our orders, we will give you a great many rupees."
The dog made her a great many salaams, and said, "To-morrow I shall die;" and the cow then went back to her stable.
A great many Kings, Rajas, and their sons accepted this invitation and came.
He rode very far, and shot a great many birds and a quantity of deer.
The King gave his daughter and the young prince a great many horses, and elephants, and all sorts of presents, and also a great many sepoys to guard them.
In this grand state they travelled to the prince's country, which was not a great many miles off.
He made her a great many salaams.
Thus undergraduate studies + the Supaero Programme account for more than a cumulated 300 ECTS credits as applicable in the European education system.
try to do a whole forty five minutes here .
He was British flat racing Champion Jockey a record 26 times.
Adler joined NPR in 1979 as a general assignment reporter, after spending a year as an NPR freelance reporter covering New York City, and subsequently worked on a great many pieces dealing with subjects as diverse as the death penalty, the right to die movement, the response to the war in Kosovo, computer gaming, the drug ecstasy, geek culture, children and technology and Pokémon.
An estimated 1,700 people were forced to flee to shelters and about 3,200 others were left homeless.
In Mexico, more than 42,000 people were forced to evacuate as rivers overtopped their banks in Campeche and Tabasco, while an estimated 100,000 people evacuated due to the storm.
The Turtle and His Bride There was once a turtle who lived among a great many people of different kinds , in a large camp near a big river which was born right up amongst the snows , and flowed straight away south till it reached a sea where the water was always hot .
` You will have to wait till the spring , though , ' she said ; ' I must make a great many slippers and dresses for myself , as I shall not have much time afterwards . '
By comparison, it has been calculated that the trade between New France and Europe only included an average sixty-six immigrants per year over the lifetime of that colony.
How Geirald The Coward Was Punished Once upon a time there lived a poor knight who had a great many children , and found it very hard to get enough for them to eat .
Plus probably an additional six months through the, the worker's stuff that they have at, at, uh, through the company
He ended the 2008–09 season with a very impressive 32 goals in 33 matches.
he's probably, oh, a good two years old, big, old, fat and sassy tabby.
The actual telesoftware programme was contained from frame 70067d onwards, in this case for a further ten frames.
Thus undergraduate studies + the ENSTA Programme account for more than a cumulated 300 ECTS credits as applicable in the European education system.
It is set in a future Four Lands in which the Federation of the Southland has driven off the Elves, enslaved the Dwarves, and outlawed magic.
Even though the poem is a mere nineteen lines there are many differing interpretations.
In the next season, Salminen ran a new 10,000 m world record of 30:05.6.
cross rail tender type of document would be to have a standard three or four sheets that were relative to the whole group.
We thought we had enough expertise with our our in-house training, without having to go on a separate one thousand five hundred pounds project management course.
The moon on the breast of the new-fallen snow   Gave a lustre of midday to objects below;   When what to my wondering eyes should appear,   But a miniature sleigh and eight tiny reindeer,   With a little old driver, so lively and quick   I knew in a moment it must be St. Nick.
Not that he had done a great many things as yet.
His image became a nationally known icon and many businesses capitalized on his popularity to sell their products; Hoosier Poet brand vegetables became a major trade-name in the Midwest.
The distance between Chinatown and the next station, Clarke Quay, is the shortest distance between two MRT stations in Singapore, a mere 360 metres.
The distance between Clarke Quay and the previous station, Chinatown, is the shortest distance between two MRT stations in Singapore, a mere 360 metres.
A great many birds assembled on the trees around the net, and said, "What fine corn that is!
Next night a great many more Mice came, and on Sunday two Rats even appeared; but these thought the story was not pretty, and the little Mice were sorry for that, for now they also did not like it so much as before.
and we're gonna try and get you a good forty minutes half an hour .
and darted sharply south for a round dozen blocks, then went due east
He had a great many friends who said he was a real gentleman, and that pleased him very much.
Then he offered nine hundred crowns to anyone who caught the evil-doer , and at the same time ordered that whoever did not keep proper watch over the fields should be killed ; but though there were a great many people , none seemed able to protect the fields .
The units were organised in a six-man team of an officer, a petty officer and four seamen using a seven-man LCRS inflatable boat to carry their explosives and gear.
At 65 m above the creek bed, surrounded by profuse rainforest vegetation and containing an estimated five million bricks, it is the largest railway viaduct in Australia.
In all, he lost a combined 5 minutes and 13 seconds in the two stages.
Besides these , he has a strong bodyguard and a good many cross-bowmen .
In 1875, the final year of the NA, the Red Stockings were an amazing 71-8, finishing a full 15 games ahead of the Athletics.
In 1885, the team finished above .500 for the first time, going 56-54 and finishing in third place, a distant 30 games behind the White Stockings and 28 games behind second-place New York Giants.
The resulting transit network after the completion of Sound Transit 3 will include of additional light rail serving 37 new stations; the entire, light rail system would carry an estimated 600,000 daily passengers.
The measure will add of light rail, with the completed system carrying an estimated 500,000 riders per day.
Jack now resolved to enter the giant's cave in search of his treasure, and, passing along through a great many windings and turnings, he came at length to a large room paved with freestone, at the upper end of which was a boiling caldron, and on the right hand a large table, at which the giant used to dine.
He had scored a great many hits on the heavy cruiser "Chokai", also sunk that day.
A fine monument in St Clement parish church commemorates the Rear-Admiral: it is from the studio of Micali, Leghorn, and shows a young soldier and two women, the soldier points to a monument with a naval battle, above is the portrait medallion.
If you will kill for me the Wicked Witch of the West, I will bestow upon you a great many brains, and such good brains that you will be the wisest man in all the Land of Oz."
The Emerald City was built a great many years ago, for I was a young man when the balloon brought me here, and I am a very old man now.
Then he entered the back room and took up a measure of bran, which he mixed with a great many pins and needles.
A violent gale blew the ship off course, destroyed the ships rigging and sails and drove it into a huge surf eighty miles North of Port Stephens.
Soot or particulate matter will be reduced by an estimated 110,000 tons a year.
The reduction in sulfur will also prevent an estimated 8,300 premature deaths, 5,500 cases of chronic bronchitis and 17,600 cases of acute bronchitis in children.
In addition, an estimated 360,000 asthma attacks and 386,000 cases of respiratory symptoms in asthmatic children will also be avoided every year.
U.S. Department of Transportation figures indicate that empty routes have continued to account for 29% of single-unit truck traffic; this has been equated to an annualized 15 billion gallons of gasoline, $30 billion cost, or 149 million tons of excess carbon emissions.
It was once used for grazing sheep but title has been transferred to the Tasmanian Aboriginal community; with an estimated 250,000 shearwater burrows present, it is principally used for muttonbirding.
Elfi Bey did not tell Omar his father 's name , but expressly desired him to be at a great pillar four days ' journey east of Alexandria on the fourth day of the coming month , on which day he would be twenty-two years old .
local you can look at what you find on the web select on wikipedia or you can of the video in the videos i think they are really important to the thirty prospector actually if you have lp and and and also pictures on and i think that google images as a great tools and whatever time unsure about something on that i mean having a hard time understanding i he if it's if represented and any pictures though that i can understand what the concept that there is wealth who ppr he converted to creep tool from the national center for telehealth and technology even if she actually learned about this from captains of mine who did presentation on and it's by exchanged placed it with me for people who experienced him pt sg because of their mission maiden that military this service i have recommended it to onlookers client and student into arguing with inside a tea intiki exp it's just not for people who are are combat that but i think it can help a lot of people and it has an attachment being effective intervention on atf_ not simply uh... compare pets but i think it's a great tool for people in the middle of the night so that's a has something that can out edge down to make bands at feel better and uh... the meeting pointer yes good actually uh... this was my idea and and co i thought well why did people gluten who were in eighty-eight and made an agent good jazz say i cam here are where is the closest needy edwin now i'd like to that extent that someone else thirty uh... have not of the idea knows spirited ibm_ so uh... define where you are and it's though in that way it's kind of like yelp where yeltsin will face where the closest patriot this will tell you where thank uh... heard closely page any entertainment meeting internet as alcoholics e anonymous and our topics e anonymous my fear is that they're yours was forwarding older email p yourself for the tickets to the pegged to the top of the list and i started doing how wonderful coca he'd that are used to flag on that then i'd have to remember and go back the computing line i never get a red flag items and then you're off to a color code in your calendar at him he act because i have five did different e email so i'd know that my purple it is michael tough i know that applying uh... i think it each is my office dot though that i know where everything is and i can keep track of it on and a constant sometimes eight colors health and sometimes not it's just important that on everything thing in with each other and my purple being i think the most out of everything now and i realized that i'm doing this with google calendar because you can make multiple calendars for yourself so i have one that helps me coordinate uh... when i come play volleyball with other people and i have one that's about things that i'm doing with my family and then i have another one that's work and i can look at all the information shin combined or i can look just as single single well uh... calendar single set of activity that's great so you were telling me about form states is it it's it's cutting on fri or slightly paid version i fear that ten dollars a month fuzzy for it and one of my um... one of the aspect of my job is backed by an one of the people who could courtney blood indefensible bug format and idea that across i don't know seven kids different campuses in so eighty days kind of overwhelming and getting the emails from everybody till late in the bay state this is the one dot you go here you type in the book you type in the dash i had to be entertained the vat each hike in the exact home publisher and then it translates all of that into an excel document and then i copy and paste ash into my master list and then add soon as i guess the books done i'd black it out management don based selvi dean tracked though at the end of your e-ticket lives and you know evokes what whatever okay copeland clarified do this that uh... student who needs the accommodation put it in the order of the teacher thirty pm it had something that a student will need eighteen teams either one and you couldn't do it with google doc at age twenty one april two normal attached are content that's an important thing for me a tape someone elf buildup performs all i have to deal it with is the back end okay economically if you hear from you yet and evidence plastic i'm not in price and in high at the end not number right and help bill where some uh... that disputes ability coordinator whites do it uh... four executed because they also have a difficult time doing that wealth at the end of our our list hum with loaded handicap window if via email if there's any webinars but any of our how participants would like to do topics you'd like to see or you could tell us uh... what your favorite surplus from today uh... we also have at eighty coalition dot org trying to track although webinars that i can find all the free webinars better about assistive technology and access tom constantly updating them up if you have any day you want to publicize implementing the and right now there's thirteen more in april and for many um... and if anybody have any questions we could take a minute of luck do we forget anything you know there's so much military feminist jean katt just for the people to go for the people that didn't know about book here dot gonna be they're gonna need to go look at that and then the whole world of finding um... materials that are already electronically available eleven are just on that gas and then also dash of helpful for students to also have a typical disability so they may not be able to turn pages in manipulates book investment bank that's great catch you know vide five hundred votes on their computer i'm john account for those using the caring parent are you finding a lot of the books a college student need it's very he hit or miss uh... in so if that's cool all responsibility too to find those folks or to make those books acceptable an alliance internationally keegan university has all library where we have and if each plus plus that we can eighty eighty-eight fashionable though that executed hippie diego because we have multiples today campuses needs facebook then they can africa that often their instead of having to go through me on and then also students from all over the cat country canada lyle and corinne had mentioned after-tax and that is the first place abbotsford everything and there are multiple home publishers who are on that spell i scan copy and paste the highest bien from the former on on form right and go into that and brick
And Fanny says to her: "I suppose a great many things happened before you were born, didn't they, Grandmother?"
The flow moved at a swift 12 feet per minute, destroying entire towns and villages in its path.
that leads to a crisis where, of a sudden, three themes sing at once,
He did a good many things, however, which a little astonished his subjects.
And a great many people were brought to the Lord.
So it was that for an entire year they met with the church and taught a great many people, and it was in Antioch that the disciples were first called "Christians."
HD 85512b is a terrestrial exoplanet orbiting an orange dwarf star 37 light years from our solar system.
A wizened little man and two ladies of determined aspect were looking up disapprovingly.
Once in the spring , a little before Midsummer , Walter heard that there were a great many wolves in the wood , and that pleased him .
I think we talked for a good eight minutes about the subject,
They had not very far to go , but Moti 's little pony , weighted with a heavy man and two big rocks , soon began to lag behind the cavalry , and would have lagged behind the infantry too , only they were not very anxious to be too early in the fight , and hung back so as to give Moti plenty of time .
He stayed with Sivananda for a further nine years but received little formal instruction from him.
oh yeah that was a good wow f forty five minutes i think .
Between the crevices there grew a little rowan tree and four alder bushes .
Golfers play at the Anglesea Golf Club on Noble Street, home to a great many kangaroos.
Bright has a rich cultural heritage and many locations within the town along with street names can be traced to present day residents.
` Put thy finger in the mare 's ear and throw behind thee whatever thou findest in it , ' and the king 's son found a splinter of grey stone , and threw it behind him , and in a twinkling twenty miles of solid rock lay between them and the giant .
But Muslim Berbers still own an estimated 90,000 African slaves.
position revealed a full ten inches of the startling hose; and, since
However, aside from seizing some minor fortifications, the attack failed after six days of hand-to-hand combat, leaving Nogi with the deaths of an additional 124 officers and 3611 soldiers to report to his Emperor instead of a victory.
He then resumed his attempts to break through the fortifications at Port Arthur in other locations, cumulating in a six-day general assault at the end of October, which cost the Japanese a further 124 officers and 3611 men.
At the end of the siege, the Japanese captured a further 878 army officers and 23,491 other ranks; 15,000 of those captured were wounded.
At first , Denis seemed to find the hours that they were together fly as quickly as she did , but when he had taught her all the songs he knew , and told her all the plans he had made for growing rich and a great man , he had nothing more to say to her , for he , like a great many other people , was fond of talking himself , but not of listening to any one else .
That seemed a good many people to like—when you were not used to liking.
Mary Lennox knew they were roses because she had seen a great many roses in India.
They killed or wounded an estimated 523 Japanese soldiers during the raid while rescuing 511 prisoners.
Thus undergraduate studies plus the Centralien Programme account for more than a cumulated 300 ECTS credits as applicable in the European education system.
The highest number of fatalities occurred in the rural area around Elaine, Arkansas, where an estimated 100–240 black people, and five white people, were killed; Chicago and Washington had 38 and 15 deaths, respectively, and many more injured, with extensive property damage in Chicago.
“He knows a good many things out of books but he doesn’t know anything else.
She had looked forward to telling him a great many things and she had meant to try to make up her mind whether it would be safe to trust him with the great secret.
A further 15000 ha of HVP managed native forest has been protected as part of the agreement.
Dr. Craven had never made such a short stay after a “tantrum”; usually he was obliged to remain a very long time and do a great many things.
Bartali won the Tour de Suisse twice, another Milan–San Remo, and the 1948 Tour de France – a full ten years after his last victory.
A good thirty yards separated the two, and the
He was charged and sentenced to an additional 16 months for writing the letters in 1990.
It was the first time Mary had heard of them, either, but even at this stage she had begun to realize that, queer as he was, Colin had read about a great many singular things and was somehow a very convincing sort of boy.
He said it a great many times—not a thousand times but quite a goodly number.
An estimated 81 million total viewers watched all or part of the awards.
She asked a great many questions and her blue eyes were full of deep thinking.
The presence of the Rift has deformed Graciosa into an elongated oval form 12.5 km long by 7.5 km wide.
This further lowers the expected temperature and given the reflected light you'd expect the earth surface temperate to average out to a chilly 248 degrees kelvin.
The instruction manual also stated the suit to be a colossal 5 stories tall and 5 tons (which is seriously underweight for a machine that tall), contrary to promo material stating it to be 4 stories tall.
He rode the race a record seven times.
On 3 February 1954, van den Berg finished the race in a record 7 hours and 35 minutes, a record bettered by Evert van Benthem only 31 years later.
On 13 December 2007 he was sentenced to an additional three years jail for offences against a third boy.
"Five Nights at Freddy’s" is installed an estimated 4,694 times per day, earning a daily revenue of $12,879.
A man-trained boy would have been badly bruised, for the fall was a good fifteen feet, but Mowgli fell as Baloo had taught him to fall, and landed on his feet.
All that day and all the next night he walked , and at length he came to a village where a great many weavers lived together .
twisted ahead for a scant three yards and Brimfield cheered.
full-back broke through past Innes and Blaisdell for a full six yards
The twice-daily live distance learning programs reached an estimated 1600 students from as far away as Canada during the five days of broadcasting.
Then ten or twelve men, each with an iron-bound club three or four feet long, came up, and Kerick pointed out one or two of the drove that were bitten by their companions or too hot, and the men kicked those aside with their heavy boots made of the skin of a walrus’s throat, and then Kerick said, “Let go!” and then the men clubbed the seals on the head as fast as they could.
“There are plenty of men and plenty of other camels close by, and a great many clouds of smoke.
“Of course,” said the troop horse, “everyone is not made in the same way, and I can quite see that your family, on your father’s side, would fail to understand a great many things.”
Marvel Comics' superhero-satire comic book "Not Brand Echh" ran an initial 13 issues (cover-dated Aug. 1967 - May 1969), with a 14th issue published in 2017.
1988), followed by an additional 22 issues continuing the numbering (July 1989 – Sept. 1993).
It was a great many years ago, and I can scarcely remember anything about it, but I think it was in some foreign country.
Kaif earned himself a Test cap against South Africa when he was at a very young 20 years age.
The concept of a "Vedic City" was conceived by the Maharishi, and a real estate developer and several others began to actualize the vision for a Vedic town in 1991.
They built a fire against the side of a great log twenty or thirty steps within the sombre depths of the forest, and then cooked some bacon in the frying-pan for supper, and used up half of the corn “pone” stock they had brought.
Now a procession of ants appeared, from nowhere in particular, and went about their labors; one struggled manfully by with a dead spider five times as big as itself in its arms, and lugged it straight up a tree-trunk.
There were a great many skiffs rowing about or floating with the stream in the neighborhood of the ferryboat, but the boys could not determine what the men in them were doing.
At the end of a long twelve or fifteen minutes the wheels stopped, and Tom slipped overboard and swam ashore in the dusk, landing fifty yards downstream, out of danger of possible stragglers.
Grimsley went 5–7 with a 6.84 ERA in 1996 while making a career-high 20 starts.
Think about a married man 40 years ago, and the wage goes down.
She knew that Tom had a whole candle and three or four pieces in his pockets yet he must economize.
I ben on my pins a little, three or four days, now, but I can't walk more'n a mile, Tom least I don't think I could.”
They went on, and presently entered and followed Tom's other corridor until they reached the “jumping-off place.” The candles revealed the fact that it was not really a precipice, but only a steep clay hill twenty or thirty feet high.
In 2002 the ATA-6 specification introduced an optional 48 bits Logical Block Addressing and declared CHS addressing as obsolete, but still allowed to implement the ATA-5 translations.
She had heard a great many desirable things of the young soldier from the lady who had recommended her school to him.
They went out and visited many big shops together, and bought a great many things.
They bought, indeed, a great many more things than Sara needed; but Captain Crewe was a rash, innocent young man and wanted his little girl to have everything she admired and everything he admired himself, so between them they collected a wardrobe much too grand for a child of seven.
The radio station was originally put on the air as a public service 2 nights per week.
By 1965 fewer than a half dozen buildings had been rebuilt in the creek valley adjacent north of the city.
She knew, in fact, that she was rather a goose, and that it was left to geese to do a great many disagreeable things.
During 1927 a rodeo organised in Adelaide, South Australia attracted an estimated 50,000 spectators.
Marie Edwards won the ABCRA All-Round Cowgirl a record five times from 1988 to 1994.
They proposed to do this by traveling back in time to 1944 and eliminating the dinosaur that would become Godzilla as a result of an atomic bomb test 10 years later.
"He weighed 330, ran the 40 [yard dash] in 4.65 seconds, did a standing long jump of 10'3", leaped vertically 30" and bench-pressed 225 pounds an unheard-of 39 times".
Delaware lost its final game of the season on the road against Villanova and, that winter, Raymond announced his retirement, ending his career at an even 300 wins.
As an assistant coach in 2011, Ollie helped guide the Huskies to a record 11 straight postseason wins which included winning 5 games in 5 nights to win the Big East Tournament Championship and winning the 2011 NCAA Men's Basketball Championship.
The team was ineligible for postseason play because of an NCAA ban resulting from a low APR score several seasons prior.
killed an estimated 4,000 people.
She shed a good many tears, and mopped her eyes a good deal.
"But there were a great many hungry days," said the Indian gentleman, with rather a sad tone in his voice.
The International Gay and Lesbian Travel Association (IGLTA) holds an annual world convention and four symposia in different tourism destinations around the world.
He later became a full-time official eleven years later.
In 1950, Booth represented New South Wales Country against a combined Sydney team, and moved to St. George to play on a weekly basis two years later.
He added a further three fifties in the Sheffield Shield as Victoria ended New South Wales' nine-year winning streak.
You see I've been abroad a good many years, and haven't been into company enough yet to know how you do things here."
He fitted them into a great many shapes , but he wanted to make them spell the word ` Love . '
He won 15 Grand Slam titles on the World Curling Tour (the media count 18, including three Players' Championships won prior to its inclusion as a Grand Slam event), which includes a record eight Players' Championship titles.
"Once upon a time, there were four girls, who had enough to eat and drink and wear, a good many comforts and pleasures, kind friends and parents who loved them dearly, and yet they were not contented."
During the 2006–07 and 2007–08 curling seasons, Martin and his team won an unprecedented five consecutive Grand Slams, three in the 2006–07 season and two in the 2007–08 season.
You have a good many little gifts and virtues, but there is no need of parading them, for conceit spoils the finest genius.
I had a hard time, Jo, and shed a good many bitter tears over my failures, for in spite of my efforts I never seemed to get on.
It happened once that a king , who had a great kingdom and three sons , became blind , and no human skill or art could restore to him his sight .
They shaped a little body and two little hands and two little feet .
It is estimated that the First Army's last battle allowed the evacuation of an additional 100,000 men from Dunkirk.
There are a good many hard times in this life of ours, but we can always bear them if we ask help in the right way.
People wouldn't feel so bad about me if I was sick, and I don't deserve to have them, but I'd like to be loved and missed by a great many friends, so I'm going to try and be like Beth all I can.
To date, Hou has directed a total of 18 feature films, and three short film segments of omnibus films, which leads to a total 21 films he directed.
There were no marble-topped tables, long mirrors, or lace curtains in the little parlor, but simple furniture, plenty of books, a fine picture or two, a stand of flowers in the bay window, and, scattered all about, the pretty gifts which came from friendly hands and were the fairer for the loving messages they brought.
Carl Friedrich Gauss is often credited with an 1820 proposal that a giant triangle and three squares, the Pythagoras, could be drawn on the Siberian tundra.
(Perc) Newton who played a record 264 grade games for Easts.
Amy was asked, but Jo was not, which was fortunate for all parties, as her elbows were decidedly akimbo at this period of her life, and it took a good many hard knocks to teach her how to get on easily.
Pelé was the league top scorer in every year between 1957 and 1965 including a record 58 goals in a single season.
She did pity the Davis girls, who were awkward, plain, and destitute of escort, except a grim papa and three grimmer maiden aunts, and she bowed to them in her friendliest manner as she passed, which was good of her, as it permitted them to see her dress, and burn with curiosity to know who her distinguished-looking friend might be.
Women work a good many miracles, and I have a persuasion that they may perform even that of raising the standard of manhood by refusing to echo such sayings.
The video in the tweet was then taken down by the creator of the video a mere 2 days later.
There were a great many holidays at Plumfield, and one of the most delightful was the yearly apple-picking.
Middle Egyptian was spoken from about 2000 BC for a further 700 years when Late Egyptian made its appearance; Middle Egyptian survived until the first few centuries AD as a written language, similar to the use of Latin during the Middle Ages and that of Classical Arabic today.
Nor does it unfrequently occur, that Nantucket captains will send a son of such tender age away from them, for a protracted three or four years’ voyage in some other ship than their own; so that their first knowledge of a whaleman’s career shall be unenervated by any chance display of a father’s natural but untimely partiality, or undue apprehensiveness and concern.
The stag was a fine beast fourteen hands
He served a record 14 years as the 53rd Mayor of Charlotte from 1995 to 2009, and as a city councilman from 1989 to 1995.
He had a fair and beloved wife and several lovely children : and as his neighbours , the little people , were very friendly towards him , they bestowed on him many excellent and precious gifts .
All round this they had cleared a wide space, and then the thing was completed by a paling six feet high, without door or opening, too strong to pull down without time and labour and too open to shelter the besiegers.
In the meantime the captain, whom I had observed to be wonderfully swollen about the chest and pockets, had turned out a great many various stores the British colours, a Bible, a coil of stoutish rope, pen, ink, the log-book, and pounds of tobacco.
They won a record twelve national titles.
The coxswain told me how to lay the ship to; after a good many trials I succeeded, and we both sat in silence over another meal.
The group continued to perform for an additional two years, with Chico DeBarge joining the group in 1988.
“Oh, we talked of a great many things.
There, the Theban general Epaminondas thinned out the right flank and centre of his phalanx, and deepened his left flank to an unheard-of 50 men deep.
He has been named the Polish Player of the Year a record seven times.
where, where?’ ‘At Ekshaisk (a little town fifteen miles off) there’s a rich old merchant, who keeps a lot of canaries, has no children, and he and his wife are devoted to flowers.
The gameplay is similar to previous games in the series but introduces new features such as a new control system and more levels in the upgrade system for weapons.
I have a poor lame wife and thirteen children.
Sloan Canyon contains a great many petroglyphs and has been called the Sistine Chapel of Native American rock art due to their size and significance.
Well , they went to a great many masters , but all said that they could make the lad as good as they were themselves , but better than that they could not make him .
When they got there the Eagle said : ` There are a great many dead bodies lying outside the door , but you must not concern yourself about them .
surrounded by a half dozen men in armor one of whom attempted to seize
It appeared that they had known one another before, and had spent some time together in a little provincial town three months ago.
Here we see a mainstream hybrid car that over a six-year period achieved an additional 2 miles per gallon.
Mister, you wouldn't want to own a dog that couldn't pull a measly thousand pounds.
Recently, a reported 6,000 apartments are likely to be built.
An estimated 15% of citizens in Saudi Arabia are Shia Muslims, most of whom are adherents to Twelver Shia Islam.
She was the British Champion a record four times.
The difficulties he met with -- huge rocks to be climbed , deep rivers to be crossed , and thorny tracts to be avoided -- only served to make his heart beat quicker , for he was really brave all through , and not merely when he could not help himself , like a great many people .
He spent five years in Houston, averaging a career-high 8.7 points per game in 1999-2000, and started all but two of the games he played in both the 2001-02 and 2003-04 seasons.
Oktyabrsky used his fleet to bring in a further 23,000 men from the Caucasus.
Petrov rushed up the 138th Naval Brigade with an extra 2,600 men, which was landed on the 12–13 June.
German artillery had fired a further 46,750 tons of munitions, with total Axis munitions consumption coming to 67,278 tons over the course of one month.
B-52s provided an additional 1,000 sorties during the same period.
Medora took heart, a cheap hall bedroom and two art lessons a week
We need a great many facts in his biography; and we should like to know whether, and when, and after or at the same time as what personal experience, he read Montaigne, II.
During the Knicks' 1994 season, which included a record 25 playoff games, Oakley started every regular season and playoff game for a record 107 starts in a single season.
Mr. Lorry had just finished his dinner, and was sitting before a cheery little log or two of fire perhaps looking into their blaze for the picture of that younger elderly gentleman from Tellson's, who had looked into the red coals at the Royal George at Dover, now a good many years ago.
A great many local names, each denoting different subregions of the Great Karoo, exist, some more widely, or more generally, known than others.
The South African Astronomical Observatory has an emplacement of telescopes about 20 km east of the town, on a small plateau 1798 m above sea level, and is home to the Southern African Large Telescope, the largest optical telescope in the Southern Hemisphere.
A half-dozen roughs
Lohmann continued to carry all before him in 1890, taking a career-best 220 wickets and being the leading wicket-taker outside of touring teams for the sixth successive year (a feat bettered only by Tich Freeman between 1928 and 1935).
1 between September 28, 1991 - April 3, 1992, spending a combined 18 weeks at the top, eventually being certified 14x Platinum by the RIAA in 1998.
I see .. all in all, a fine eighteen months.
A half-dozen postal cards
A half-dozen sailors eagerly
When the beach opened it contained a pavilion with two bathhouses, a cafeteria, a small-boat lagoon, a 5,400-person locker and dressing facility, and two parking lots with a collective 8,000 spots.
A more difficult question or a difficult question sentence answer sentence question sentence length three marks three marks.
a half dozen ragged porters carrying official but battered painted
He scored a further 11 goals in 42 league and cup appearances in 2002–03 but was unable to prevent West Ham from being relegated.
a half dozen years back to a thoroughfare of great charm.
Among them was the World War II era bandleader, Guy Lombardo, who with his brother has sold an estimated 250 million phonograph records during their lifetimes.
wire, polished to the point of glitter; puts on a half-dozen armlets and
He scored a record 50 points at the 1996 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship against Italy, and also 41 points in a EuroLeague game against Cibona Zagreb during the 1998–99 season.
In his next two games, Johnson rushed for a combined 319 yards on 52 attempts with an average of 6.1 yards per carry.
and then I had a second one eighteen months later,
Meridian Hill Park is bordered by 15th, 16th, W, and Euclid streets NW, and sits on a prominent hill 1.5 miles (2.42 km) directly north of the White House.
I could not leave without inconveniencing a great many people, so I remained."
"There's a good many people claimin' things they never git.
Multiple swimming competitions were held including an international 60 metres freestyle and an international relay race.
He made a total of 198 appearances for Villa before moving to fellow Premier League club Bolton Wanderers in 2007, where he spent a further four years including a brief spell on loan at Cardiff City in the Championship.
I'm sure there's a vast many smart beaux in Exeter; but you know, how could I tell what smart beaux there might be about Norland; and I was only afraid the Miss Dashwoods might find it dull at Barton, if they had not so many as they used to have.
In the summer 2002, Milan bought Italian international defender Alessandro Nesta, and Laursen's playing time diminished to a combined 20 league games in the next two seasons.
An estimated 500 settlers lost their lives, including Bishop Devals who helped many others to survive the ordeal.
The impertinence of these kind of scrutinies, moreover, was generally concluded with a compliment, which though meant as its douceur, was considered by Marianne as the greatest impertinence of all; for after undergoing an examination into the value and make of her gown, the colour of her shoes, and the arrangement of her hair, she was almost sure of being told that upon "her word she looked vastly smart, and she dared to say she would make a great many conquests."
The party, like other musical parties, comprehended a great many people who had real taste for the performance, and a great many more who had none at all; and the performers themselves were, as usual, in their own estimation, and that of their immediate friends, the first private performers in England.
In 1905–6 a further eight motor coaches, six first class trailers and six third class trailers were built to slightly different design, followed by six more long motor coaches in 1910.
In 1931, while playing for the Red Sox, he hit a record 67 doubles, a record that still stands today.
He killed a great many people, but converted but few.
In cooperation with the local Evangelical Lutheran Church of Cameroon EELC and the American ELCA the NMS has built the Protestant Hospital of Ngaoundéré, a high school and several other institutions.
Mosquitoes, for example, transmit malaria – the most deadly vector-borne disease, causing an estimated 660 000 deaths annually worldwide – as well as dengue fever, lymphatic filariasis, chikungunya, Japanese encephalitis and yellow fever.
He killed a great many people, burned their dwellings, and drove out many more, but at last his tribes made trouble, as there were not spoils enough to go around, and his army was conquered.
Before she could reach it , however , it was opened from without ; being a primitive sort of door , with a latch that any one could lift if he chose -- and a good many people did choose , for all kinds of neighbours liked to have a cheerful word or two with the Carrier , though he was no great talker himself .
Arnold conducted a campaign into Virginia, and was very brutal about it, killing a great many people who were strangers to him, and who had never harmed him, not knowing him, as the historian says, from "Adam's off ox."
Old man Lundy, whose lane was used for the purpose, said that it was one of the bloodiest fights, by a good many gallons, that he ever attended.
in a great many ways," said the little lady, her eyes flashing.
Speculation also had made a good many snobs who had sent their gold and silver abroad for foreign luxuries, also some paupers who could not do so.
A good many people do not know this, but it is true.
In November 2006, Martino called plans by the Bush administration to construct an additional 700 miles of fencing along the U.S.-Mexico border "an inhumane program".
"That was a great many years ago; but once you are Real you can't become unreal again.
Above the entranceway here is a family coat of arms with a recumbent half-moon and two stars.
In fact, er, an estimated one hundred and sixty three, six forty pounds is required, erm, following on from the sale of link waste, and of that eighty-five thousand pounds wa relates to the legal costs associated with the sale.
The venerable old gentleman at the street-doors -LRB- who were all in full action -RRB- showed especial interest in the party , pausing occasionally before leaping , as if they were listening to the conversation , and then plunging wildly over and over , a great many times , without halting for breath -- as in a frantic state of delight with the whole proceedings .
She then remarked that she would not allude to the past , and would not mention that her daughter had for some time rejected the suit of Mr. Tackleton ; and that she would not say a great many other things which she did say at great length .
My dear, she lived on her income and that is a thing that a great many people would like to be able to do.
Well, it's erm, fairly local incident, that this paper has been er borne, er to give the er permission for borrowing, when the labour, liberal er controlling group find themselves in this embarrassing position, er, of having to find an extra eleven million pounds to maintain their services.
If you need a little bit of nudging by the people working with you, er, then there's a possible two points for the team.
In short , Harthover was a grand place , and Sir John a grand old man , whom even Mr. Grimes respected ; for not only could he send Mr. Grimes to prison when he deserved it , as he did once or twice a week ; not only did he own all the land about for miles ; not only was he a jolly , honest , sensible squire , as ever kept a pack of hounds , who would do what he thought right by his neighbours , as well as get what he thought right for himself ; but , what was more , he weighed full fifteen stone , was nobody knew how many inches round the chest , and could have thrashed Mr. Grimes himself in fair fight , which very few folk round there could do , and which , my dear little boy , would not have been right for him to do , as a great many things are not which one both can do , and would like very much to do .
During the course of the war, the 31st/51st Battalion lost 61 men killed in action or died on active service, while a further 168 men were wounded.
Tom was quite right about the hue-and-cry not having got thither ; for he had come without knowing it , the best part of ten miles from Harthover ; but he was wrong about getting down in five minutes , for the cottage was more than a mile off , and a good thousand feet below .
On 5 May 2012, it was announced that Rice would be stepping down after an accumulative 44 years with club, since joining as an apprentice, with the home game against Norwich being his final home game as Arsenal No.2.
In August 2004, the show was renewed for an additional 18 episodes.
Then you've got a possible ten marks.
Then please not to see the logic of a great many arguments exactly like it , which you will hear before your beard is gray .
There are a great many things in the world which you never heard of ; and a great many more which nobody ever heard of ; and a great many things , too , which nobody will ever hear of , at least until the coming of the Cocqcigrues , when man shall be the measure of all things .
An astonishing 98 people won the August 28, 2012 Fantasy 5, reminiscent of a scene in the movie, Bruce Almighty.
But as Tom chased them , he came close to a great dark hover under an alder root , and out floushed a huge old brown trout ten times as big as he was , and ran right against him , and knocked all the breath out of his body ; and I do n't know which was the more frightened of the two .
Besides , he was very short-sighted , as all dragon-flies are ; and never could see a yard before his nose ; any more than a great many other folks , who are not half as handsome as he .
But , instead of being ashamed of his emptiness , he was quite proud of it , as a good many fine gentlemen are , and began flirting and flipping up and down , and singing - `` My wife shall dance , and I shall sing , So merrily pass the day ; For I hold it for quite the wisest thing , To drive dull care away . ''
The otter might have got out of it by saying that Tom was a frog : but , like a great many other people , when she had once said a thing , she stood to it , right or wrong ; so she answered : `` I say you are an eft , and therefore you are , and not fit food for gentlefolk like me and my children .
And the otter grew so sentimental -LRB- for otters can be very sentimental when they choose , like a good many people who are both cruel and greedy , and no good to anybody at all -RRB- that she sailed solemnly away down the burn , and Tom saw her no more for that time .
A full hundred yards broad it was , sliding on from broad pool to broad shallow , and broad shallow to broad pool , over great fields of shingle , under oak and ash coverts , past low cliffs of sandstone , past green meadows , and fair parks , and a great house of gray stone , and brown moors above , and here and there against the sky the smoking chimney of a colliery .
began to labor under the weight of her rider, a half-dozen men rushed
A great many years ago they were just like us : but they were so lazy , and cowardly , and greedy , that instead of going down to the sea every year to see the world and grow strong and fat , they chose to stay and poke about in the little streams and eat worms and grubs ; and they are very properly punished for it ; for they have grown ugly and brown and spotted and small ; and are actually so degraded in their tastes , that they will eat our children . ''
But , like a good many other people , the more he tried to think the less he could think ; and Tom saw him blundering about all day , till the coast-guardsmen saw his big fin above the water , and rowed out , and struck a boat-hook into him , and took him away .
For , if he wanted to go into a narrow crack ten yards off , what do you think he did ?
He held very strange theories about a good many things .
Opening the main doors which weigh in at a mammoth four tons is quite a task.
Like a great many fox-hunters , he was very sharp as long as he was in his own country ; but as soon as they get out of it they lose their heads ; and so the lobster , so to speak , lost his tail .
For a good many people , like old Polonius , have seen all the world , and yet remain little better than children after all .
And there he taught the water - babies for a great many hundred years , till his eyes grew too dim to see , and his beard grew so long that he dared not walk for fear of treading on it , and then he might have tumbled down .
And no more she did ; for she was like a great many people who have not a pretty feature in their faces , and yet are lovely to behold , and draw little children 's hearts to them at once because though the house is plain enough , yet from the windows a beautiful and good spirit is looking forth .
A half-dozen times he nearly fell off his perch and flapped
In 1839 Father Reho, an Italian, visited Peoria, remaining long enough to build the old stone church in Kickapoo, a small town twelve miles distant.
A great many members of the aristocracy were present.
It was a member of the Kreutz Sungrazers, a family of comets which resulted from the break-up of a large parent comet several centuries ago.
There are a good many folks about the Other-end-of-Nowhere -LRB- where Tom went afterwards -RRB- , who pretend to know it from north to south as well as if they had been penny postmen there ; but , as they are safe at the Other-end-of - Nowhere , nine hundred and ninety-nine million miles away , what they say can not concern us .
The hospital should also be in compliance with applicable standards during the entire period of accreditation, which means that surveyors will look for a full three years of implementation for several standards-related issues.
I'd read about, I read erm read in erm some paper or other not so very long ago, about erm a funeral  and the  that was going along the road of course,and they came to a to a erm hotel and they were och, they were going for miles and miles and miles and they went into this hotel and the they party the funeral party went into the hotel and had a good few drinks and they were well away when they came out and they they they went away without the coffin, for two miles, two miles before they discovered that they didn't have the coffin.
He assembled a good many Foxes and publicly advised them to cut off their tails, saying that they would not only look much better without them, but that they would get rid of the weight of the brush, which was a very great inconvenience.
An estimated 500 children were involved.
So you have a negative 8x times this business right over here gives you negative 8x times x is negative 8x squared.
Tom told him that he did not know general information , nor any officers in the army ; only he had a friend once that went for a drummer : but he could tell him a great many strange things which he had seen in his travels .
pounded off at a good fifteen miles an hour along the Cassel road.
This is a very good forcep two or three punches are sufficient to remove whole of the medial wall and this creats a sufficient defect in the medial wall of lacrimal sac for the tear drainage.
He was named the Most Valuable Player and scored a tournament-best seven goals and six assists in four games as well earned a spot on the Tournament All-Star Team.
In 1346 he announces that "King Edward of England set sail for Normandy with a great many armed men".
A great many people think so .
From this it came about that I always had to bear a good many jokes about being burnt as a Guy Fawkes; but, on the other hand, I was allowed to make a small bonfire of my own, and to have eight potatoes to roast therein, and eight-pennyworth of crackers to let off in the evening.
He then successfully lobbied Parliament to extend Watt's patent for an additional 17 years.
OLD-man made a great many mistakes in making things, as I shall show you after a while; yet he worked until he had everything good.
"OLD-man made a great many mistakes in making things in the world, but he worked until he had everything good.
I mean they're exposed to a whole lot more things.
At Indie Vision Music, Jessica Cooper rated the album a perfect five stars, considering "Excellent" "a superior piece of art stuffed with truth, bursting with originality, not lacking in boldness, that accurately conveys his brilliance as an artist."
At Christian Music Zine, Anthony Peronto rated the album a perfect five stars, saying that "the poetry will widen your perspective while Beautiful Eulogy’s original production will surely keep your ears from falling into habituation."
At Christian Music Zine, Anthony Peronto rated the album a perfect five stars, remarking that "there is many a-pleasure to be had examining "Crimson Cord"."
for a good three, four weeks we have over a hundred degrees.
The original airing consisted of a total 98 episodes and were broadcast from April 3, 1971 to February 10, 1973 on MBS and NET (now TV Asahi).
but clearly what's happened in this country is the school system's been asked to assume a great many responsibilities  in the past thirty years that weren't existent, uh,
In 1929 Alfredo Binda won a record eight consecutive stages on the way to his third consecutive, and fourth career, Giro d'Italia victory.
Up to this time, the winter had held back, and had given us a good many mild days, which were like smiles upon its wrinkled visage.
Pandora had looked at this face a great many times, and imagined that the mouth could smile if it liked, or be grave when it chose, the same as any living mouth.
But she heard a disagreeable buzzing, as if a great many huge flies, or gigantic mosquitoes, or those insects which we call dorbugs and pinching-dogs, were darting about.
There were evil Passions; there were a great many species of Cares; there were more than a hundred and fifty Sorrows; there were Diseases, in a vast number of miserable and painful shapes; there were more kinds of Naughtiness than it would be of any use to talk about.
Chandos writes that Charny was trying to find an honorable solution to avoid a great many more deaths.
Charny’s predictions turned out to be true and indeed a great many nobles on both sides lost their life that day, including de Charny himself.
There was a gray drift, far and wide, through the gathering twilight; the earth was as pathless as the air; and the bank of snow over the steps of the porch proved that nobody had entered or gone out for a good many hours past.
But she heard a disagreeable buzzing, as if a great many huge flies or giant bees were darting about.
There were a great many species of Cares.
Chris Porter stepped up to convert the penalty and secure a crucial three points for his side, with the U's now two points from safety but with a game in hand over their relegation rivals.
Hownam is a small village and parish situated 8 miles east of Jedburgh in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland, near the Anglo-Scottish border, in the former Roxburghshire.
So the matter which had bade fair to be so disastrous for a good many people turned out very well after all.
A good many women if
Than fourteen minutes from time Haan hit an audacious shot 30 yards out that went off Zoff's left post an into the net.
At last he gave up the search and did what a good many boys and girls would be apt to do in the same emergency.
A great many adventurers had equipped expeditions for getting the golden fleece, but so far none of them had been successful.
Even so, a further 360 people were baptised in Kaneyama, in Aizu.
An additional seven awards officially recognized by the PBA were also given annually by the PBA Press Corps during a season break.
I do not think I have seen such a blush upon Prue's cheek since well, since a great many years ago.
"It is very simple; and I am not at all sure that a great many other people have not a pair of the same kind.
He made me and himself a great many good friends, some of whom I did not afterwards recognize as quickly as Dennis did my parishioners.
make a great many personal sacrifices."
As a matter of fact, the elder would have been a confirmed drunkard twenty years before had his wife been less strong-minded.
A great many fair ones nominated themselves as candidates
It is the flattest of the U.S. physiographic divisions and is over 2,200 miles (3,500 km) in length from Cape Cod to the Mexican border and goes south an additional 1,000 miles (1,600 km) to the Yucatán Peninsula.
About three miles back of us there is a very pretty lake several miles long.
The prow jutted past the keel into a beakhead that also mounted a long gun and several swivel guns ("lantaka").
Defender and captain Lee Ashcroft made the most appearances, playing forty-four out of a possible 45 games.
He was his mother 's favourite , and he let her put her arm round his neck in public because she was a widow ; but he was also partial to adventures , and liked to play with a chimney-sweep who had killed a good many bears .
You are a solitary boy while all this is taking place , for two boys together can not adventure far upon the Round Pond , and though you may talk to yourself throughout the voyage , giving orders and executing them with despatch , you know not , when it is time to go home , where you have been or what swelled your sails ; your treasure-trove is all locked away in your hold , so to speak , which will be opened , perhaps , by another little boy many years afterwards .
He saw , however , that it must be past Lock-out Time , for there were a good many fairies about , all too busy to notice him ; they were getting breakfast ready , milking their cows , drawing water , and so on , and the sight of the water-pails made him thirsty , so he flew over to the Round Pond to have a drink .
If you have never seen a banyan tree, you can easily find a picture of one in some dictionary; and when you have done so, you will understand that a great many creatures can live in one without seeing much of each other.
The cat made a good many other efforts to be friends with the mouse, but they were all unsuccessful.
Now, this is a great many years ago, and
He saw , however , that it must be past Lock-out Time , for there were a good many fairies about , all too busy to notice him ; they were getting breakfast ready , milking their cows , drawing water , and so on , and the sight of the water-pails made him thirsty , so he flew over to the Round Pond to have a drink .
They too learnt to love animals, and had a great many pets, but none of those pets were kept in cages.
You know, even the sleeping bags, those are running, you know, a good thirty dollars a pop,
A great many children go to school to learn to read novels.
their, their supply routes aren't as well defined as ours, but they've got shear weight of numbers, see, I'm af , I'm afraid, I could be a fucking karate black belt or something right, so one on one against you I wouldn't have a problem, but if you went and got fucking thirty of your mates I would have a problem, I maybe able to hold you off for a fucking few minutes or something or if you could either contact, maybe a few months or years or something, but they will win
We drove down to Port Aransas,  and rented a little efficiency, you know,  and, and had a marvelous like two nights,
He looked at each one every day and a great many times every day.
Caesarion, now Ptolemy XV, reigned for a mere eighteen days until he was executed on the orders of Octavian on 29 August 30 BC.
On the farther side of the water were a great many Turkeys.
Our online campus is adding an extra 9 experiences and opportunities.
‘You have; but so are a great many other things that one does not dare
In Week 7, he collected a season-high 12 combined tackles (seven solo) during the Bengals’ 45-10 loss at the Kansas City Chiefs.
This was the case in the city of Lucknow, where the British governor with a small body of troops, and a great many women and children, took refuge in the Government House from a vast host of rebels who came to attack them.
The Guadalupe Bridge which is part of the Epifanio De los Santos Avenue consists of an inner bridge and two outer bridges.
In the days of the boy-king Richard II, a great many workmen made up their minds to obey the nobles no longer.
The captain of the Revenge was Sir Richard Grenville, and he had a great many sick men on board.
were possible for me to write a round dozen reviews of this book, in as
The line was initially operated with a direct current overhead power supply 600 Volts and is now 750 Volts.
Jack now resolved to enter the giant's cave in search of his treasure, and, passing along through a great many windings and turnings, he came at length to a large room paved with freestone, at the upper end of which was a boiling caldron, and on the right hand a large table, at which the giant used to dine.
He next asked the old woman to show him where the king's daughter lay; and the old woman took him upstairs, and opened a great many doors, and out of every door came a beautiful lady who had been imprisoned there by the Ettin; and one of the ladies was the king's daughter.
Scullin was re-elected comprehensively, winning 40 out of a possible 45 votes.
Yes, I was the youngest ever Mayor of Lewes by a clear ten years, I'm the only one who's ever been Mayor in his twenties, and I think that came about probably because the family had been in the town since the beginning of the century, erm and I'd been involved in local politics since about eight or nineteen, I was on polling stations and so on.
One day a large waggon and eight horses, all with bells at their heads, drove through the village while Dick was standing by the sign-post.
In Bamborough Castle once lived a king who had a fair wife and two children, a son named Childe Wynd and a daughter named Margaret.
It's quite remarkable that a mere three years after liquifying helium he, he erm had got this tremendously important erm effect.
they seem to be kind of not having a very good few seasons.
On November 13, Rhodes grabbed a personal best 30 rebounds against Körfuknattleiksfélag ÍA.
He alone can steer the ship’s course through the winding narrow channel which, amidst whirlpools and rapids, between rocks and through narrow gorges, leads to a safe anchorage fifteen miles inland in front of the Post.
A little further out, two bear cubs may be grovelling on their bellies like two children at play on the seashore.
It is mentioned that he is a Rhodes Scholar, who turned his brilliant legal career into a promising political career that was cut short by a scandalous divorce six years prior to his first appearance before settling into his current job.
And I think one can say that, by general standards, Proust was physically ill, and emotionally unbalanced, despite his increasing social successes, and even an unexpected twelve months spent, as a volunteer mark you, in the French army.
I could perhaps put at least part of it in very homely erm and perhaps somewhat banal terms by saying that five minutes spent waiting for the person one loves may seem like five hours, whereas five hours spent with that person may appear a mere five minutes.
In Week 4, he collected a season-high ten combined tackles (six solos) as the Dolphins list 38-7 at the New England Patriots.
‘ So you had better make it a round twenty years and be on the safe side,’ concluded the Clerk.
Our role, I think, has to be, among a great many other things, to look at the over-all effect of the school curriculum, to ensure that it's balanced, that it's cohesive, and that it has an appropriate spread for all children.
And a great many voices all said together -LRB- ` like the chorus of a song , ' thought Alice -RRB- , ` Do n't keep him waiting , child !
After a disastrous premiere – the movie was almost universally panned by critics – an additional thirteen minutes were cut out, despite the protests of Peckinpah and producer Jerry Bresler.
He played a combined ten seasons in the National Hockey League.
"I shall read it; for I like dreams, and have a great many curious ones myself.
He played a combined 14 seasons in the National Hockey League all with the Colorado Avalanche.
The team has won seven BSN Championships (1959, 2005, 2008, 2010, 2011, 2016 and 2018) and has had a total 16 finals appearances, being a runner-up 9 times (1932, 1946, 1948, 1961, 1966, 1992, 2007, 2012, 2014, 2015, 2017).
"A Little Less Sixteen Candles, a Little More "Touch Me""
Jim, I'd love to keep going here and ask you a whole lot more questions.
This station would be a popular Top 40 outlet for years to come, much like "The Mighty 690, WTIX" was in the 1960s and 1970s.
"You say that about a great many things, papa.
In that season, he made an impressive 30 appearances and scored 5 goals.
Since then, Costa has made a superb 94 league appearances and 43 league goals during his 4 year spell with the club.
This would be a very sad thing to befall a young man who wanted to perform a great many brave deeds, and to enjoy a great deal of happiness, in this bright and beautiful world.
I have helped a good many young men through adventures that looked difficult enough beforehand.
I have heard of a great many strange things, in my day, and have witnessed not a few; but none, it seems to me, that can compare with the oddity of these Three Gray Women, all peeping through a single eye.
"There are a great many Nymphs, people say; some that go a-hunting in the woods, and some that live inside of trees, and some that have a comfortable home in fountains of water.
Now, I need hardly remind such wise little people as you are, that in the old, old times, when King Midas was alive, a great many things came to pass, which we should consider wonderful if they were to happen in our own day and country.
And, on the other hand, a great many things take place nowadays, which seem not only wonderful to us, but at which the people of old times would have stared their eyes out.
Up to this time, the winter had held back, and had given us a good many mild days, which were like smiles upon its wrinkled visage.
Pandora had looked at this face a great many times, and imagined that the mouth could smile if it liked, or be grave when it chose, the same as any living mouth.
But she heard a disagreeable buzzing, as if a great many huge flies, or gigantic mosquitoes, or those insects which we call dor-bugs, and pinching-dogs, were darting about.
There were evil Passions; there were a great many species of Cares; there were more than a hundred and fifty Sorrows; there were Diseases, in a vast number of miserable and painful shapes; there were more kinds of Naughtiness than it would be of any use to talk about.
There was a gray drift, far and wide, through the gathering twilight; the earth was as pathless as the air; and the bank of snow over the steps of the porch proved that nobody had entered or gone out for a good many hours past.
And, even in the old, old, half-forgotten times, before the garden of the Hesperides was overrun with weeds, a great many people doubted whether there could be real trees that bore apples of solid gold upon their branches.
He met with a great many strange adventures, which would be well worth your hearing, if I had leisure to narrate them as minutely as they deserve.
It is a flower that never lives alone, but which loves its own kind, and is always fond of dwelling with a great many friends and relatives around it.
It was plain enough to perceive that the good old couple had renewed their age, and were now to spend a quiet and delightful hundred years or so, Philemon as an oak, and Baucis as a linden-tree.
Therefore, he haunted about the Fountain of Pirene for a great many days afterwards.
To be sure, a great many people denied that there was any such horse with wings, and said that the stories about him were all poetry and nonsense.
It was beautiful to see him, this one solitary creature, whose mate had never been created, but who needed no companion, and, living a great many hundred years, was as happy as the centuries were long.
Then, with a great many playful leaps and airy caperings, he showed his impatience to be gone; while Bellerophon was girding on his sword, and hanging his shield about his neck, and preparing himself for battle.
But he was almost choked by a great many tender feelings that gushed out of his heart and swelled into his throat, all struggling to find utterance together.
Bellingham is well known as a low-fare alternative airport to the Vancouver International Airport, and an estimated 65% of customers come from Canada.
He has also recorded an audio CD and several DVDs featuring himself and his students, as well as other illustrious figures of capoeira Angola.
He carelessly lifted his club, and balanced it in his hand, measuring Antaeus with his eye, from head to foot, not as if wonder-smitten at his stature, but as if he had seen a great many Giants before, and this was by no means the biggest of them.
As a great many thousand Pygmies were employed in this task, they soon brought together several bushels of inflammatory matter, and raised so tall a heap, that, mounting on its summit, they were quite upon a level with the sleeper's face.
In those histories, perhaps, it stands recorded, that, a great many centuries ago, the valiant Pygmies avenged the death of the Giant Antaeus by scaring away the mighty Hercules.
Uh, I'm sure they screen for just a particular few types.
Running towards the tuft of trees, he beheld the head and fiery eyes of an immense serpent or dragon, with the widest jaws that ever a dragon had, and a vast many rows of horribly sharp teeth.
It aired on TV Asahi from February 5, 1983, to January 28, 1984, with a total 51 episodes.
Up sprouted also a great many trumpeters; and with the first breath that they drew, they put their brazen trumpets to their lips, and sounded a tremendous and ear-shattering blast, so that the whole space, just now so quiet and solitary, reverberated with the clash and clang of arms, the bray of warlike music, and the shouts of angry men.
For, only a little while before he came thither, he had met with a terrible hurricane, or rather a great many hurricanes at once, which drove his fleet of vessels into a strange part of the sea, where neither himself nor any of his mariners had ever sailed.
Circe and the four nymphs must have been very diligently at work since the arrival of the mariners; for a great many yards of tapestry had now been wrought, in addition to what I before described.
They brought along with them a great many beautiful shells; and sitting down on the moist sand, where the surf wave broke over them, they busied themselves in making a necklace, which they hung round Proserpina's neck.
The young Proserpina ran quickly to a spot where, only the day before, she had seen a great many flowers.
Nevertheless, it troubled her with a vast many tender fears, such as are ready to bestir themselves in every mother's heart, when she finds it necessary to go away from her dear children without leaving them under the care of some maiden aunt, or other such faithful guardian.
For, beside a great many other accomplishments, this young man was renowned for his admirable poetry.
And Hecate took her at her word, and hurried back to her beloved cave, frightening a great many little children with a glimpse of her dog's face as she went.
"My little Proserpina," said the king, sitting down, and affectionately drawing her between his knees, "here is Quicksilver, who tells me that a great many misfortunes have befallen innocent people on account of my detaining you in my dominions.
The grief of their separation had caused both of them to shed a great many tears; and now they shed a great many more, because their joy could not so well express itself in any other way.
Robinson's (became Robinsons-May in 1993) in addition to having an initial 150 specialty stores.
It was now easy to yoke the bulls, and to harness them to the plow, which had lain rusting on the ground for a great many years gone by; so long was it before anybody could be found capable of plowing that piece of land.
"I have," he said, "seen a great many ladies and little misses at our house, and whenever they were talking of the places where they should like to live, I have always heard them say that they hated the country of all things, though they were born and bred there."
I now began to consider that I might yet get a great many things out of the ship which would be useful to me; so every day at low water I went on board, and brought away something or other until I had the biggest magazine that was ever laid up, I believe, for one man.
I found them to my purpose as much as I could desire, and, during the next rainy season, I employed myself in making a great many baskets.
He told us that Jarndyce and Jarndyce was a monument of Chancery practice, and in a good many words that the case was over because the whole estate was found to have been absorbed in costs.
There have been a total of 21 recognized champions who have had a combined 41 official reigns.
A great many empty bottles were one of the consequences of this traffic, and a certain number of men and boys, of whom I was one, were employed to rinse and wash them.
Since then I have taken heart to write a good many trifling pieces.
An additional 3,400 commuters also participated in the exercise.
"Oh, I think about a great many things," replied Paul.
In the 2005–2006 season, an additional eight strings were deployed, making IceCube the largest neutrino telescope in the world.
He made his first NFL start against the Dallas Cowboys on December 22 and responded with a career-high seven tackles.
So 1.35 times y-- I'll do it in a different color-- 1.35 times y-- that's a little dot there.
2 times minus 3-- let me do it in a different color-- 2 times negative 3 is negative 6, plus 3 times 2.
The opposition thus would have needed to win a further three seats, on top of regaining Mulcahy's seat, to hold government in its own right.
Now, my grandfather has a great many good points, but he has two very great faults, which are the staple of his bad side.
With the result that when Nicholas, having thrown all his remaining strength into a half dozen finishing cuts, flung the schoolmaster from him with all the force he could muster, Mrs. Squeers was precipitated over an adjacent form; and Squeers, striking his head against it in his descent, lay at full length on the ground, stunned and motionless.
There are a good many children in those houses ; and though I do n't know one of their names , I know them a great deal better than they think I do .
Half-a-dozen little ones teased him capitally by dropping bits of bread , nut-shells , and straws down on him from above , as they climbed about the perches , or swung by their tails .
"Well; but come," said Mr. Smangle, after assuring Mr. Pickwick a great many times that he entertained a very high respect for the feelings of a gentleman, "this is but dry work.
An estimated 700,000 people speak Welsh, an official language in Wales.
Of course, I feel like once I've done it, if I'm sweaty I might as well do an extra thirty minutes because you've already kind of shot your night.
It was to celebrate the marriage of Henry of Navarre and Marguerite de Valois, a marriage that perplexed a good many people, and alarmed others.
In 2003, he left Nardò for Vigor Lamezia, where he scored an impressive 24 goals in 32 matches.
But what we take for granted today was only a vague idea 50 years ago.
The next Place we came to was Farmer Thompson's, where there were a great many little ones waiting for her.
This made it necessary for him to travel an extra three hundred miles north.
The total cost is expected to be around 10 billion yuan (US$1.46 billion), but is expected to produce 8,000 new jobs, and a potential 40,000 secondary jobs.
Yucheng County is located in the central part of China, with a superior geographical environment and many railways passing through here.
The tears came into the niece's eyes; she had a great many feelings, and they were easily hurt, especially her feelings about girls.
A scant six years later, the Iranian Revolution, or the second OPEC oil shock as it's been come to be known, created not one, but two recessions, the now infamous double-dip.
Mistress Elliott's molasses had sufficed to make a vast cake and several pumpkin pies.
A moment after, Eph Todd, coming out of the new barn, heard the click of a reel, and was astonished to see Fisherman Jones standing almost erect, his eyes blazing with the old-time fire, his rod bent, his reel buzzing, while at the end of a good forty feet of line was Miltiades rushing in frantic strides for the woods.
"I've talked to you plainly about that a great many times, Sam," she continued, in tones of severe admonition.
The lengthy prayers and lengthier sermon of good Dominie Megapolensis in the Fort Church were over and the Thanksgiving dinners were very nearly ready when up to the Heer Governor's house came a half-dozen boys, with Patem Onderdonk at their head bearing a neatly covered dish.
She told them she hoped they would have turkey and even the pumpkin pie they wanted so much, but that Thanksgiving Day was not given us so that we might have a good dinner, but that God had been a great many days and weeks preparing for Thanksgiving.
They saved their pennies, and bought some corn, and early Thanksgiving Day, before they had their dinner, they went out into the street near their home, and scattered corn in a great many places.
next to them an old father and two fryars carrying lamps of incense, then
He caught hold of the knotted corner, and out came the handkerchief with a whisk and a flourish, and scatter, rattle, helter-skelter, out flew a half-dozen pink thimble cakes, down upon the floor, back into Mrs. Smiley's pew, and to Johnnie's horror one pat into the deacon's plate!
He was richly and gayly dressed, having on a great many garments of green and yellow colours, but differing in their deeper or lighter shades.
It was a raw, cloudy day, and had begun to "spit snow"; and as it drew toward noon, they stopped beside the road at a place where a large pine and several birches leaned out from the brink of the deep gorge through which the Little Androscoggin flows to join the larger stream.
It is in this context that the construction of the 17th century palace occurred, based on a monumental facade and two floors, fronting on a square.
`` Not for a good many months . ''
The six-point loss to Mississippi State was the third close loss of the year for Louisiana Tech, as their first three losses of the 2011 season were by a combined nine points.
Had a really nice three hours.
Since then it has garnered an additional five awards.
Anna Riepl sold the house in 1980 for $330,000, but continued to live in the dilapidated home until she was forcibly removed by a court-appointed guardian three years later.
In the years 1959 - 1964 was demolished and built, using original art, a new 150 meters on the other side of the road Augustów – Białystok.
On February 1, 2012, he scored a then career-high 12 points in a 109–103 loss to the Orlando Magic.
On February 21, 2014, he scored a then career-high 21 points in a 115–107 loss to the Detroit Pistons.
On December 17, 2014, he scored a career-high 24 points on 6-of-6 from three-point range off the bench in a 127–98 win over the Cleveland Cavaliers.
He made his debut for the Jazz on February 21, recording a season-high 16 points and six assists off the bench in a 115–111 loss to the Portland Trail Blazers.
On March 11, he scored a career-high 27 points in a 114–93 win over the Washington Wizards.
On December 8, 2016, Mack scored a season-high 19 points in a 106–99 loss to the Golden State Warriors.
Warren Phillips taught science for 35 years for the Plymouth Public Schools in Plymouth, Massachusetts, and an additional 5 years at Silver Lake Schools in Kingston, MA.
In the 1966 recording, the improvisation fades prematurely, but in a remastered version it continues for an additional nine seconds.
"Strangers in the Night" has been performed an estimated four million times since Sinatra recorded his version.
The Laidley Valley Branch Railway was opened on 19 April 1911 and covering a mere 11 kilometres, the Laidley Valley Branch Railway was one of the shortest in Queensland, Australia.
she set a new record of 12.12 seconds in the semi-finals and also improved her time again in the final, running a wind-aided 12.06 seconds to win the gold medal.
Stowers was one of seven candidates recommended to the Governor by the Alaska Judicial Council out of a record 25 applicants.
You'd get a good few notes for that.
I am, uh, I'm just starting to get into, uh, a little bit more communications now.
The hospital has 64 beds, and provides intensive ambulatory care for an additional 100 children and 18 adolescents.
The crew numbered 10 officers and 315 enlisted men, plus an additional four officers and 19 enlisted men if serving as a flotilla flagship.
The investigation broke an international alien smuggling and money-laundering ring that brought in an estimated 10,000 illegal aliens to the United States at a cost of $20,000 per alien, generating more than $200 million in proceeds over a 3-year period.
You'd get a good few notes for that.
A further seven taxa first described by Parisi come from the Mediterranean and other regions.
He returned to the Fen Tigers in 2011 for a further two seasons before signing for the newly formed Coventry Storm in 2013.
Yang Xu finished a further 33 points behind in third place, having taken four successive second place finishes at the end of the season.
During a Week 14 matchup against the Oakland Raiders, Johnson collected a season-high seven combined tackles as the 49ers lost 13–24.
On November 8, 2015, Johnson received his first start of the season and recorded a season-high six solo tackles and two pass deflections during a 17–16 victory over the Atlanta Falcons.
On January 3, 2016, he earned a season-high seven combined tackles and defended a pass in the 49ers' 19–16 defeat of the St. Louis Rams.
During a Week 10 matchup against at the Arizona Cardinals, Johnson recorded a season-high three combined tackles in the 49ers' 20–23 loss.
On January 1, 2017, he collected a season-high four combined tackles and a season-high two pass deflections, as the 49ers lost 23–25 to the Seattle Seahawks.
On October 1, 2017, Johnson collected eight combined tackles and a season-high two pass deflections during a 15–18 loss at the Arizona Cardinals.
The next week, he earned a career-high nine combined tackles as the 49ers lost to the Indianapolis Colts 23–26.
However, an outstanding second half fightback and five unanswered tries secured a 33-14 Wolves win - their tenth in a row against the Huddersfield Giants in all competitions.
A modest 4 wins from the first 8 rounds of Super League.
In 1990, O'Doherty played in a career-best 20 games, scoring his sole career try in the round 16 match against the Brisbane Broncos.
Faritz played a further 15 games at the right side of defence as LionsXII finished league winners.
And an estimated 5,000 Jews are buried here.
and you want an extra week, then you can purchase an extra week of vacation by saying, okay, I'm going to want an extra five days this year
so you, you can have an extra five days off and be paid for them at the time, you know,
And to blow up the bathtub, we're stretching the budget and moving into the realm of ridiculous by using a massive 2.5 kilograms of sodium.
In every case, the price included a four-speed manual transmission (brought in from Delahaye), but for an extra 1,500 francs customers could specify a "Cotal Preselector transmission".
As on the 4-cylinder S4-DA, customers were able to choose between a classic 4-speed manual transmission and a “Cotal Preselector transmission", but whereas S4 DA customers were expected to pay an extra 2,000 francs for the Cotal option, the Cotal transmission was now offered at no additional cost to S4 E buyers.
A red oval-shaped embroidered item 1 3/8 inches (3.49 cm) in height and 2 1/4 inches (5.72 cm) in width overall, edged with a 1/8 inch (.32 cm) red border.
With Stokes injured, Bell scored a season-high 21 points in a win over Seton Hall on February 15, 2011.
He scored a season-high 18 points on 6-of-11 shooting along with six rebounds to help the Wildcats beat Seton Hall 84–76 on January 21, 2012.
He scored a career-high 30 points in a 94–85 overtime win over Marquette on January 25, 2014.
On October 31, 2015, Bell recorded a career-high 32 points, shooting 13-of-21 from the field, along with four rebounds and two steals in a 104–108 loss to Pau-Orthez.
Electricity was shut off for roughly 1,600 customers in parts Napa, Solano and Yolo counties as an additional 27,000 customers in Butte, Yuba, Nevada, El Dorado and Placer counties were cut off later that evening and into Sunday morning, June 9.
The blaze expanded from an estimated 20 acres to within four hours.
The fire grew an additional 300 acres, totaling the morning of June 11.
He joined Llanelli a year later and went on to win the award for a further six consecutive seasons, becoming the first player to win the award more than three times and the second player, after Williams, to score 200 goals in the Welsh Premier League.
The midfielder netted 24 times in 30 appearances and went on to retain the award for a further two seasons.
He retained the award the following year with a further 27 goals despite spending more time as a substitute than playing.
In the end, the battery was able to escape the encirclement and an estimated 90 German soldiers were killed.
On October 9, 2016, he recorded a career-high 39 points in a win to the San-en NeoPhoenix .
It was a cold few days when my family and I sat for Mr Hayman.
Covenant maintains 15 full-power radio stations and a further 25 dependent translators in Illinois, Indiana, Louisiana, Missouri, Nebraska and Oklahoma.
An estimated five million people were duped by the religious company Kapa-Community Ministry International, which promised a 30% monthly return on investments for life.
Well I'm off next week, Thursday we got an extra four packets at the time.
After a further three years, in 1999, the family returned to Leeds.
The Japanese garrison at Semarang numbered some 500 men, with an additional 300 men stationed in nearby Ambarawa.
It was after one of the big battles of that last winter , and I was knocked over with a broken leg and two or three bullets here and there .
come to an end, and deny myself the pleasure of a last few words indited
McKellar scored a further four victories in a single mission on 9 September.
He achieved a further three victories 15 September.
In his last bout with Armstrong and his last attempt at a world title, he dropped a grueling 10-round points decision before 10,500 fans for the world welterweight championship on January 10, 1939 at Los Angeles' Olympic Stadium.
"TV Guide" awarded it one out of a possible four stars, calling it
In November, the "Stab" flight itself transferred to Tunisia, where Schieß continued his success, gaining a further 13 victories, including a B-17 four-engined bomber on 29 January 1943 (36th v.)
The traditional colours of royal blue and gold had to be supplemented due to Heriot-Watt University carrying out a similar project several years previously and their colours also being royal blue and gold.
The election victory of Juntos por el Cambio meant a tough final two years in office for President Alberto Fernández.
In order to accommodate the larger crowd expected for the Rose Bowl, bleachers were brought in from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill's Kenan Stadium and North Carolina State University's Riddick Stadium to seat an additional 20,000 people.
The park was enlarged by a further 36 hectares at that time, and two ornamental gardens (about 9000 square meters) created, which were then transformed into botanical gardens by Nicola Antonio Pedicino, the school's first botany professor.
and he says I'm telling you know he says because the next twenty eight days, it's an extra twenty eight days to go and have a look for another job
`` You know a good many things which they do n't , '' said Mr. Bhaer , sitting down beside him , while Franz led a class of small students through the intricacies of the multiplication table .
Never Say Die was a chestnut colt with a white blaze and three white feet, bred and raced by the American philanthropist and art collector Robert Sterling Clark.
The team finished fourth in the American League with a record 78–76, 30 games behind the Philadelphia Athletics.
Against the division rival Baltimore Ravens in Week 16, Burrow completed 37-of-46 passes as he threw for a career-high and franchise record 525 passing yards.
I think we've reduced waste at this event by at least 50 percent just by having the plates, forks and knives there... because that is the majority of the waste and we had approximately 150 students eating so that would have been 150 place settings of disposable items, which would have been a good 25 pounds of garbage.
`` If we stay here a great many days , we shall eat up all the berries in the field , and then we shall starve , '' she added grimly .
Mrs. Jo saw that , and sobered down at once , saying , with a remorseful shake of the head , `` I did it a good many times , and led my poor mother rather a hard life with my pranks , till she cured me . ''
A good many thoughts went through the little head that lay on the window-sill during the last quiet hour when all the children went to the brook to see Emil 's new ship launched .
He took the lead on the final turn and drew clear of the field to win by four lengths from Proustille, with Gold River a further two and a half lengths back in third, becoming the first older horse to win the race which had been restricted to three-year-olds until 1979.
Sceptre won the race in a record time of 1:39.0, beating Pistol by two lengths with Ard Patrick a further three lengths further back in third.
IN THE WILLOW The old tree saw and heard a good many little scenes and confidences that summer , because it became the favorite retreat of all the children , and the willow seemed to enjoy it , for a pleasant welcome always met them , and the quiet hours spent in its arms did them all good .
On April 4, 1968, United States Senator Robert F. Kennedy of New York delivered an improvised speech several hours after the assassination of Martin Luther King Jr.. Kennedy, who was campaigning to earn the Democratic Party's presidential nomination, made his remarks while in Indianapolis, Indiana, after speaking at two Indiana universities earlier in the day.
They have a good many cries , and scream like a person being choked , and say , ` Waugh O !
The program boasts three Olympians who have competed a combined five times, Brigette Foster who placed in the semi-finals in 2004, Liudmila Litvinova who won the silver medal in the 2008 games and Anicka Newell who participated in the 2016 games.
They built a large arena and many people came.
When it was home to the Drake Bulldogs (1957–1992), it had 11,411 with the capacity to add an additional 4,000 seats for concerts and an additional 7,500 bleacher seats for basketball games.
So take away a positive  I'm going to take away a positive ten pounds away from you now.
You see I 've been abroad a good many years , and have n't been into company enough yet to know how you do things here . ''
Avdija moved back to Čelik in 2011, spending one season at the club where he made a further 21 appearances.
He was named co-winner of team’s Most Improved Player Award as a junior and started all 12 games that season and recorded a career-high 44 tackles.
in another few weeks hard work and you'll feel very What I'll do is if I give you a note for a further two months, and we can   Is your job safe?
I've been a Milan fan since I was 5...A good few years now!
`` Once upon a time , there were four girls , who had enough to eat and drink and wear , a good many comforts and pleasures , kind friends and parents who loved them dearly , and yet they were not contented . ''
Shap-ng-tsai was blamed for sinking an American ship and three British ships carrying opium in the spring of 1849.
Rabin said the film "outstays its welcome by a good 20 minutes" and called it "extravagantly stupid", but that the film's strengths were the "photogenic locales, obscenely beautiful stars, a laid-back soundtrack" and an unwillingness to take itself seriously.
Our worthy "first" remained silent for a good ten minutes after I had
Leaving Maujo at the age of twenty-one, Harchand Singh served as scripture-reader and custodian at the village gurdwara at Heron Kalan, moving the following year to Longowal, a small town 16 kilometers south-west of Sangrur.
You have a good many little gifts and virtues , but there is no need of parading them , for conceit spoils the finest genius .
I had a hard time , Jo , and shed a good many bitter tears over my failures , for in spite of my efforts I never seemed to get on .
and, uh, that was a very, uh, that, that was an awful three years afterwards.
It is a white star three times larger than our Sun.
The 2014 census reported an estimated 2,998,235 people (without Transnistria), out of which 2,804,801 were actually covered by the census.
Although the race went on for an extra three laps, Setzer would hang on for his first win since he won Mansfield (also on fuel mileage) with the defunct Spears Motorsports.
With a record 15 cautions, the best of the afternoon was saved for the last part of the race.
All the while, "Restart Master" Hornaday would lead a record 140 laps (breaking Greg Biffle's record of 119) and hold off Busch on a green-white-checkered to take his first win at Texas.
Ethiopian Airlines has a scheduled flight four times a week connecting it to the capital Addis Ababa and to the southern city Arba Minch.
A deep trench 3×5 metres in size is the common latrine for about 130 men and women.
The eight female prisoners were locked in a single room 8×3 metres and never allowed outside.
Now, in Chinese we don't have spaces between the words, and so in order to understand if the first word of this message corresponds to a single character or two characters or what, we have to be able to do the process of segmentation and figure out where they are.
The city is surrounded by an estimated 700,000 apple trees, 300,000 plum trees and 150,000 pear trees.
To achieve this, the Cape Lambert port capacity will be expanded to handle an additional 100 million tonnes annually.
Once fully completed, The Pearl will create over 32 kilometers of new coastline, for use as a residential estate with an expected 18,831 dwellings and 45,000 residents by 2018.
Perkins Glacier () is a broad, low gradient glacier 8 nautical miles (15 km) south-southeast of Cape Burks on the coast of Marie Byrd Land.
It's an intensive 20 hours of therapy each week.
Opened on 10 November 1897, its original capacity was 2 × 65 kW, which was expanded to a total 1000 kW in 1916.
Pettus Glacier () is a narrow deeply entrenched glacier 9 nautical miles (17 km) long, which flows north from Ebony Wall into Gavin Ice Piedmont between Poynter Hill and Tinsel Dome, Trinity Peninsula.
Philippi Rise () is a low, snow-covered promontory 7 nautical miles (13 km) wide and extending some 10 nautical miles (18 km) southeast from the east coast of Graham Land.
Phillips Nunatak () is a nunatak along the edge of a small ice escarpment 7 nautical miles (13 km) north of Mount Wanous in the Patuxent Range, Pensacola Mountains, Queen Elizabeth Land, Antarctica.
Ripplebrook is a small township 15 minutes south west of Drouin and 25 minutes north east of Lang Lang.
There are a good many hard times in this life of ours , but we can always bear them if we ask help in the right way .
People would n't feel so bad about me if I was sick , and I do n't deserve to have them , but I 'd like to be loved and missed by a great many friends , so I 'm going to try and be like Beth all I can .
He was the number one golfer in the World Amateur Golf Ranking for a record 60 weeks.
Benfica's farm team, and subsequently moved to the lower leagues where he represented three clubs, helping G.D. Estoril Praia return to the second level in 2003 with a career-best 16 goals in 35 games.
In the latter country's Primeira Liga, Bodunha appeared in 65 games, scoring a combined two goals for S.C. Salgueiros and S.C. Braga.
There were no marble-topped tables , long mirrors , or lace curtains in the little parlor , but simple furniture , plenty of books , a fine picture or two , a stand of flowers in the bay window , and , scattered all about , the pretty gifts which came from friendly hands and were the fairer for the loving messages they brought .
Its main facade faces Main Street, and is a symmetrical three bays wide, with the center bay projecting slightly and capped by a fully pedimented gable.
Amy was asked , but Jo was not , which was fortunate for all parties , as her elbows were decidedly akimbo at this period of her life , and it took a good many hard knocks to teach her how to get on easily .
We were filming for a good 12 hours or so.
His sophomore year would place him as a starting forward for the 1914-15 Fighting Illini team that would finish as the only team in Illinois history with a perfect record, 16 wins and 0 losses.
She did pity the Davis girls , who were awkward , plain , and destitute of escort , except a grim papa and three grimmer maiden aunts , and she bowed to them in her friendliest manner as she passed , which was good of her , as it permitted them to see her dress , and burn with curiosity to know who her distinguished-looking friend might be .
His earls were in attendance, his bishops too, including William Lamberton, who had chosen him, with whom he'd signed a very different document 24 years before and without whom, very likely, none of them would have been there at all.
temper, especially if they've ‘ad their certifikit a good many years and
“I remember, a good many years ago now, I was lying at Calcutta one time
Showing offensive potential, through Loko's second tier junior club, Loko juniors, Kovalenko was promoted to remain for the majority of the 2016–17 season in the MHL, producing a modest 14 points in 35 games.
Women work a good many miracles , and I have a persuasion that they may perform even that of raising the standard of manhood by refusing to echo such sayings .
Fausto Masnada (Androni Giocattoli-Sidermec) beat Valerio Conti () to the line, beating the peloton by a full seven minutes.
In 2014, Metro Hotels joined with an estimated two thirds of hotels across Australia to cut back services over Easter because of Australias high penalty rates.
While Balck reports that "an armored brigade commander and two regimental commanders have been killed", it is unclear what incident he refers to.
Over just a few days, Panzer Group Guderian captured a reported 150,000 prisoners.
In 1953 Deane was appointed to an assistant lectureship at the University of Glasgow, and was promoted to a full lectureship three years later.
`` Would you be willing to share everything with another person -- perhaps have to give them a great many things you like and now have all to yourself ? ''
At the 1964 event in Tel Aviv, he scored a combined 15 points out of 18, earning him the individual board one gold medal.
An estimated 80% of schools in the UK had a BBC Micro computer.
Today it is the most widespread indigenous religion among Native Americans in the United States (except Alaska Natives and Native Hawaiians), Canada (specifically First Nations people in Saskatchewan and Alberta), and Mexico, with an estimated 250,000 adherents as of the late twentieth century.
Course, one of them was just a, a, a brand new baby twenty years ago,
It took nearly four years to build it, against an estimated three years.
He had seen a good many fine ladies in his life ; and those he had known had been very gay in the colors of their hats and gowns , very fond of cheap jewelry , and much given to feathers , lace , and furbelows ; so it rather puzzled him to discover why Miss Celia looked so sweet and elegant in such a simple suit .
In 2004 there were an estimated 70 million people participating in online file sharing.
Within a year, the Nashville Songwriters Association was chartered by the state of Tennessee as a not-for-profit trade association, and from that moment, NSAI would go on to make a difference for all songwriters by helping to revise antiquated copyright laws and to establish new intellectual property protection in the digital age, by establishing a network of over 90 songwriter workshops to provide local instruction at home and abroad, and by conducting more than a half dozen educational conferences and awards shows each year.
The city contains an approximate 1.8 million people.
A tornado struck downtown Atlanta in March 2008, causing a half-billion dollars in damage, one of the most expensive storms ever recorded anywhere.
Milk production in 2004 was an estimated 5,350 tons.
hurried along, for I have a great many things to tell you.
An altazimuth or alt-azimuth mount is a simple two-axis mount.
Nevertheless, in the following years, a further 4,830 Germans arrived at São Leopoldo, and then the colony started to develop, with the immigrants establishing the town of Novo Hamburgo ("New Hamburg").
And, uh, you know the type of facilities whether it's a shared room or two separate rooms that share uh, a, uh, bathroom.
Allen &amp; Overy de-equitised a further 35 partners.
An estimated 343,000 people were directly affected by the storm.
It has thrived on the barren lava of the island – an estimated 38,000 bushes existed by 2016.
In 2003, Cape Verde had 71,700 main line telephones with an additional 53,300 cellular phones in use throughout the country.
The event drew an estimated 4,560,000 viewers on CBS.
Bishop Dominic Mary Hồ Ngọc Cẩn built an additional four primary schools in Huế, he assigned the administration and teaching to the monks of the Order of the Sacred Heart.
Yigal Amir was convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment for Rabin's murder and an additional six years for injuring Yoram Rubin.
For other bioreporters, the signal must be activated by an external light source (GFP and UMT), and for a select few bioreporters, the signal is completely self-induced, with no exogenous substrate or external activation being required ("luxCDABE").
The Taliban leaders who carried out the operation deny that Hezb-e-Islami Gulbuddin was involved, and claim that the ambush was prepared in a mere two hours by three Afghan Taliban units.
Arsenal ended the month with a 3–1 victory over visitors Aston Villa; midfielder Robert Pires scoring for the second successive league match and Henry adding a further two goals.
It was the song that announced her comeback after leaving Sony Music and being signed to independent label Roxy Recordings, the song was released as a single the same week and after spending a massive 26 weeks on the Swedish Top 60 Singles Chart it was surely considered one of the smash-hits of Sweden the summer of 2008.
once it starts boiling, I just, I cook it for a good seven minutes, seven to ten minutes
He died in a local nursing home eight days later.
Years ago she had sung it with a half hundred enthusiastic youngsters.
Micky, I didn't play into a cold deck three times.
In late June 2010, after a combined 52 league appearances in two seasons, 19 in the top tier in 2008–09, the 35-year-old retired from the game, becoming his last club's director of football.
A person who collected copyrighted works that would soon "go out of copyright," intending to re-release them on copyright expiration, lost the use of his capital expenditures for an additional 20 years when the Bono Act passed.
2589 provides a very generous windfall to the entertainment industry by extending the term of copyright for an additional 20 years."
there was a light, and a great many flowers, and that Anthony was
He was raised by his mother, Juçara, along with an older brother and two younger sisters; Vinícius and his brother would shine shoes to make ends meet, and it was while shining shoes that de Oliveira met director Walter Salles, who would invite him to a screen test for a role in his upcoming film.
Parker, but I've known Gid Ward for a good many years, and I want to
We've known Gideon Ward a good many years up this
After the departure of Kimo von Oelhoffen via free agency for the New York Jets in March 2006, Brett signed a new four-year contract with the Steelers worth a reported 14 million dollars.
In 2008, as part of the NFL's best defense, Travis had a career-high 46 tackles and 2 sacks, 3 more tackles than he had as a starter for the 49ers.
By April 2016, it was announced that a minimum 40 trams of the new model M33 had been ordered from Bombardier Transportation Sweden AB/Vossloh Kiepe GmbH for delivery by year 2019.
He managed to play an additional 11 games with the Detroit Pistons the following season before retiring for good in January 1993.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar won the award a record six times.
At the 80th Academy Awards, "Blood" and "No Country" won a combined six awards, including the Academy Award for Best Picture for "No Country", the Academy Award for Best Actor for Daniel Day-Lewis in "Blood", and the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for Javier Bardem in "No Country".
it was in a dime novel and it was a good many years ago and I didn't
“Hackett,” said he, “yeh have worked for me a good many years.”
The Central Library is its main reference center, with an additional 58 branches in as many neighborhoods.
There's a good many reasons why I'd like to see him back here,
river, driven by a half dozen oarsmen.
This leads to her discovery of a new temple dedicated to the cat deity, which includes a giant gold statue several stories high.
The resulting sales were consequential, topping the British charts a record three times, and contributing much to the success of the PlayStation.
Ian Grant of Albion Management and Agency narrowed down a long list to a final twenty two bands – all of which had played at the pub previously.
Weber continued teaching privately until June 2005, at which point he was a robust 92 years old.
There are a great many people who do not understand things so there is no use in telling them . '
He subsequently had a career-best season as he averaged a career-high 16.9 points per game.
Over the first two months of the 2014–15 season, Green averaged a career-best 17.6 points per game.
On December 13, 2015, Green scored a season-high 26 points in a loss to the Miami Heat.
Future Hall of Famer Rube Marquard, who had gone 24–7 that year with a 2.50 ERA and a career-high 237 strikeouts, came into pitch with two runners in scoring position and his team down by ten.
`` I 'm nervous about a good many things , '' said Anne , `` but I do n't think there is much fear that I wo n't be able to talk . ''
`` You 'll probably have a good many more and worse disappointments than that before you get through life , '' said Marilla , who honestly thought she was making a comforting speech .
I think things are about to get a little bit more hands-on.
Not only was Último Guerrero's reign the longest of any individual reign, he is also credited with a record 22 confirmed championship defenses.
The death of Ua Flaithbheartaigh indicates that an attempt may have been made on Gallimhe, but O Brian would have to wait a full four years before he reached this objective.
The hail stopped , the thunder rolled and muttered away to the eastward , and the sun burst out merry and radiant over a world so changed that it seemed an absurd thing to think that a scant three quarters of an hour could have effected such a transformation .
They build them as cooling towers, to keep the temperature of the colony on the inside at an optimum 30 degrees centigrade, and they are remarkably efficient, normally accurate plus or minus a single degree.
Each ant is armed with a chemical weapon- 1t's capable of squirting venom-
Anne , she 's feeling dreadful bad over a good many things .
Although Leicester were ultimately relegated with a mere five league wins all season, Piper made his mark in the club's history by scoring the last ever competitive goal at Filbert Street against Tottenham Hotspur as Leicester won 2–1.
In November he extended his current contract by a further two years until 2015 with the option of another year.
A good many plums stick to the sides , you see .
That at the very least gives me the opportunity er to at very least glance through, I don't know how long they're going to be of course, but at very least glance through them to see what I need to see, to see if there's any which is self-evidently requiring further comment, or further site visit, and er I can then give the Councils a further two weeks in which to respond to that.
Hasan sent a naval fleet and 5,000 troops that landed at Algeciras in early 1333.
A further 9 members were elected from cross-voting (from 1972 referred to as "National") constituencies – seats allocated ethnically (3 for each ethnic constituency) but elected by universal suffrage.
But reflecting that it would be a good two hours at least before his arrival she concluded to go up the road to Robert Bell 's and tell the news .
The Polynesia Company settlers were joined by a further several thousand planters throughout the 1860s and 1870s.
In January 2011, he pleaded guilty to the charges in a New York courthouse, facing a possible ten years in prison.
Bonner was head coach for only four games, posting a 1–3 record, including losing the last three by a combined five points.
Led by Dixon, Sioux Falls scored an astounding 1022 points on the 2011 regular season, with 70 or more points in 10 games and opening with a 105-71 win over the Kent Predators in Kent, Washington.
Asbestos was mined from 1919 until 1983 at Woodsreef, which was a little village 15 kilometres (10 miles) east from Barraba.
With Randy Murphy taking over coaching duties in 2009–10, the Havoc finished season play in second place, earning a team-record 71 points.
As of 2019, the hotel has 301 rooms for people who want to live there for a long time and 299 hotel rooms.
The pursuit was watched live by an estimated 95 million people.
Twin leading forwards Chris Ferraro and Peter Ferraro came over from Dubuque midway through the 1991-1992 season and scored a combined 200 points in total from their time that year in Waterloo and Dubuque.
The following 2004–05 season allowed a franchise-high 252 goals over 60 games and the team failed to make the playoffs for the third consecutive season.
The Storm took a club-low 726 penalty minutes, fewest in the USHL that season.
Tri-City sent a league-high five players to the 2017 USHL/NHL Top Prospects Game and forward Paul Washe was named Team West MVP (two goals) in Sioux Falls.
Triphenylene is a disc-shaped molecule with a planar structure and three-fold rotation axes.
Monitoring requirements must be met at landfills during their operation, and for an additional 30 years after.
was nominated for an additional three awards, winning two, for a total of eight wins.
Larry Izzo attended Rice University, where he wore the number 26, and was a four-year letterman and standout and finished fourth on the school's all-time tackles list with 301 tackles, setting a school-record 46 tackles for losses, and a season record of 18 tackles for losses in 1995.
There are a great many things in this world that I ca n't understand very well , Matthew . ''
He made his comeback for Chelsea in a 1–0 victory over Norwich City in March and made a further six appearances that season, scoring his first Chelsea goal with a header in the 3–1 defeat to Aston Villa in April.
I assure you , Diana , that Marilla and I have had a busy two days of it .
On July 1, 2019 Transdev commenced a five year contract to operate the network with an option to extend for a further 10 years.
Inventio Fortunata (also Inventio Fortunate, Inventio Fortunat or Inventio Fortunatae), ""Fortunate, or fortune-making, discovery"", is a lost book, probably dating from the 14th century, containing a description of the North Pole as a magnetic island (the Rupes Nigra) surrounded by a giant whirlpool and four continents.
Matthew Insists on Puffed Sleeves Matthew was having a bad ten minutes of it .
When he left, he had scored an unmatched 334 goals in 410 matches, and he is still the club's best goalscorer of all time.
He acknowledged the "tacky entertainment" but wrote that "it's crushing to realise that this is the show that gave us the masterly "An Unearthly Child" a mere two years before.
In 1986, Eriksson returned to Djurgården and played an additional eight seasons.
position, which yielded a scant four yards, Elliston got away around
The play had been performed previously in a much shorter version two years earlier.
Again,yo you, the figure staying the same, all you do is to move a decimal point two places.
At least an estimated 49 thousand cases of carjacking happen each year.
Think in terms of putting a one in front of that  and then moving a decimal point two places and it's one point four five.
a half-hour for supper and he still had a good ten minutes' leeway:
We take this 108 layer dough, and fold it a further three times.
We folded the limit of 108 layers, by an additional three times.
and, and they had been fishing and let him use the pole while we we all walked off a healthy hundred yards or so and let him fish.
Yeah  Gosh  a record seven hundred thousand Brits are expected to head for the slopes this winter with the snow the best in Europe for twenty years
V Bird received an offer from an unnamed potential backer three days later with a view to restarting operations, but the airline was liquidated in early January 2005.
A third "frantic" campaign in November 1942 raised a further 1,700 men.
Within her lifetime Pony Penning itself drew about 25,000 visitors and their number was 40 to 50,000 according to a local estimate ten years later.
The first season comprised a regular 26 episodes, but season two was left one episode short.
I feel that I shall love Redmond and have a splendid four years there . ''
That 's how I felt -- I suppose because I was a good two inches taller than any one else in the crowd .
After a loan to lowly Córdoba CF, he returned to the former for the 1981–82 season, scoring a career-best 26 goals in 37 games "en route" to a La Liga promotion.
He netted his first goal in the competition twenty days later in a 2–2 home draw with RCD Español, but only added another until the end of the campaign and his team was eventually relegated back; during his tenure with Celta, he experienced a further two promotions and relegations.
well he missed a good few hands didn't he?
airports Authority in their own estimate is that terminal five will only add a further seventeen million road users each year by the year two thousand and fifteen.
The device's battery is 3500 mAh, which provides a claimed 48 hours of "typical" usage.
The Roche remained in the family for an additional 120 years until James Rede sold it to Sir John Perrot in 1572.
They scored a total of 810 goals and allowed a total of 702 goals and notched 87 total standings points out of a possible 156 points.
and a great many greenhouses.
`` You 'll have to give up a good many things you 've always had , when you marry Mr. Blake , Phil . ''
has a great many parts of clocks, but the only mechanical toy was his
which is what a great many ladies do not know how to do at all.
A red hypergiant 1,212 times larger than the Sun.
'So am I,' said he; 'I might have knocked at a great many doors before I
`` You 'll feel differently about a good many things when you get to be my age , '' said Janet tolerantly .
The aircraft suffered an explosive decompression fourteen minutes after takeoff and disintegrated.
The medal has a ring suspension and hangs from a red ribbon 1.25 inches wide, at the edges are two thin yellow stripes.
By using reflective-type LCD, the power consumption was kept to a minimal 1.6 watts.
Despite truces between England and Scotland there were periodic outbreaks of commerce raiding in the 1530s with at least four of a known six men-at-war were royal naval vessels on the Scottish side.
Chapter XL A Book of Revelation The Irvings came back to Echo Lodge for the summer , and Anne spent a happy three weeks there in July .
It is a blue main sequence star 3.5 times larger than the Sun.
Chloi Rad from IGN gave the game an 8.8/10, praising its high replay value, engaging story, sizable maps, rich characters' backstory, character-specific abilities, the improved lock-on system as well as the level-design, which demands players a new and more cautious approach towards dangers.
Cameron Stingily ran for a career-high 266 yards and two scores as Northern Illinois remained undefeated with a 38–24 win over Kent State.
In 1873 he set off to travel around the world with a friend named William Henry Rawson, and in two years they crossed some 35,000 miles of ocean, while spending a further six months on land.
After ten seasons with the Orix BlueWave of Nippon Professional Baseball, he played eight years in Major League Baseball with the St. Louis Cardinals, Philadelphia Phillies and Chicago Cubs, followed by a final two years in Japan with the Orix Buffaloes.
And so did a good many people who I, I thought would never go.
At the same time we were organising meeting's to tell local people about it and to get there views and to make it clear again that we were, you know, we were in a position where we were being forced to do something by this legislation that we didn't want to do and we wanted just, the alternative was if we had set a rent rise, which have been dramatically higher, I mean the four pounds, twenty five rent rise that we eventually had to agree to was higher than what the Council wanted to put the rent's up by, you would think well the Council put the rent's up by four pounds, twenty five, erm, and you know, that, that's why the Council does that sort of thing but it's us that gets involved in that kind of work, producing information and developing responses and then the secon d major area is what I've just labelled a strategic policy development, and that mainly erm put policies that are like a rise within the Council rather than things that come from outside, like for example, because were the kind of Council we, we are, there was a debate amongst officer's and member's to develop an anti poll strategy and two hundred and eight thousand pounds was found to be linked to that strategy and erm, as that's enabled various initiative's to get under, under  schemes, crashes for children in the town, stuff like that, er and also, erm to provide an overall policy frame work for other Council department's.
A further three years later, Kramer is spending his time writing books and speaking at various inconsequential functions, while Douglas is finishing his own book and going through a divorce.
Firstly, we, the loss of jobs, er  themselves employ a hundred and forty two people, there are a further one hundred and eight people who are employed in er periphery items and other firms on the airfield itself making two hundred and fifty, but this figure has doubled because of the imminent closure in March of  Aerodrome and the number of companies who were going to transfer from these, and I hope transfer from these to Hatfield.
Moltzen lasted just 3 games at halfback, averaging a lowly 35 metres per game in attack and making 5 errors.
He remained at the club for a further two seasons without appearing in first grade.
In 2013, Ofcom extended the station's licence by a further five years.
He did not play for two seasons, then played a final eight games for the Brandon Wheat Kings senior ice hockey team in the 1954–55 season to finish his playing career.
An estimated 100 to 120 thousand Jews, as well as a million European settlers and 100 thousand Muslim Harki, s had fled Algeria choosing to settle in France during the Pied-Noir exodus
A proposed development of houses on Leicester Road, Ashby-de-la-Zouch, is predicted to increase sewage outflow by 110 cubic metres a day; with an added 37 cubic metres a day of surface water runoff also added to the river.
She is actually a clone of Victor Stachus' granddaughter, as she was plagued by an extremely short lifespan which would have her dead after a mere 20 years of life.
(March 26, 1942 – 25 November 2019) was a Japanese professional three-cushion billiards player and 2-time world champion.
It is across, contains a breached caldera and two small summit craters.
To remedy this, clubs will play an extra 8 games (4 home, 4 away) against teams within geographically related groups.
`` This clears up a great many mysterious hints I 've been receiving ever since I came to Avonlea , '' he said , `` and finally a Mrs. Gilbert came to my sister this afternoon with a long farrago of nonsense about the love affair I had once had with some Charlotte Holmes here .
This was the start of a long friendship and many years of collaboration, which continued after both emigrated to the United States in the 1930s.
The idea was reworked due to being too long and complicated, taking an estimated three minutes longer to tell.
There are an estimated 800 Jewish people in Manado.
So, uh, uh, I've still got another full year and three months before they're going to be behind the wheel, of a car.
She added that "Saavedra alienated a great many people because, it was said, he did too little".
`` Died about two months ago , I understand , and she has a little baby six months old , and she thought perhaps Mrs. Wheeler would take it for old times ' sake -- '' `` Did Charlotte ask you to call and tell me this ? ''
and, uh, here in Colorado you'll find a great many things.
Johor Darul Ta'zim became the Malaysian Super League champions, narrowly overtaking Amri's former club Selangor by a mere 3 points on the last day of the league.
I wrote a great many letters and tore them up , because I felt sure they would n't convince Paul .
At Toulon a major Republican attack was driven back on 15 November, but an allied attack two weeks later failed.
George will lose considerable by the crash , and so will a good many folks .
An article in Newsweek said that an estimated 10 million Brazilians had voted in the contest by early July.
Despite an intense search and rescue operation several months after they went missing, no trace of the family was discovered and the search was called off.
On November 20, wind shear had destroyed Gamma and advisories were stopped, although the low level circulation of Gamma survived for an extra 36–48 hours.
In the subsequent four seasons, Cooper made a further 62 league appearances (25 goals) before moving on to Rochdale in January 1959.
Within the following 3 decades an estimated 600 indigenous people were shot down to make way for the cattle and sheep pastured on these runs.
During the twelve Nazi years he was involved in active resistance, spending approximately three years in prison and a further seven years as a political refugee in London.
There are an estimated 5.2 million speakers of Kazan Tatar.
I was thinking of a great many things .
The Flats was a forlorn little trading station fifteen miles up the river from Prince Albert , with a scanty population of half-breeds and three white men .
There's at least a half dozen forces that could have trained our killer.
According to the Islamic Community of Kosovo the duration of conflict resulted in an estimated 217 mosques being damaged, destroyed or demolished along with 4 madrassas (traditional Muslim schools) and 3 Sufi lodges.
The district has an estimated 130 churches for 94,600 people, a ratio of one church to every 728 inhabitants.
There are an estimated 33,000 sculptures in the temple.
`` She was a strange girl in some ways even then , but I always liked her , though a great many people did n't .
On July 30, 2017, Holloway recorded a career-high 36 points, shooting 17-of-30 from the field, along with 18 rebounds in a 108–124 loss to the Barangay Ginebra Kings.
On February 18, 2018, Holloway recorded a season-high 28 points, shooting 12-of-14 from the field, along with 13 rebounds, 5 steals and 3 assists in a 97–102 loss to the Hapoel Holon.
I can do a great many things '' -- she glanced up at him with a pretty pride as her flying pencil traced the words .
Well, that's a very creative fifteen minutes.
Though a great many new discoveries and, out of
He has since written four of a planned five volumes of "The Years of Lyndon Johnson" (1982, 1990, 2002, 2012), a biography of the former president.
reflect on a good many things that have taken place.
An estimated 111.3 million people watched it in the United States.
An estimated 167 million people watched it worldwide.
An estimated 114.4 million people watched it in the United States
"Drew Live II" was seen by an estimated 10.4 million viewers, finishing just outside the Top 20 in the ratings for the week of November 6–12, 2000.
It has an estimated 275K people.
It's the people, I mean the people in this room know a great deal more people than I do on my own for example.
This topped off a successful two days for Kumin after another of his horses; Monomoy Girl won the Kentucky Oaks the same weekend.
The coat of arms of Hungary was adopted on 3 July 1990, after the end of the communist rule, although it has been used before, both with and without the Holy Crown of Hungary, sometimes as part of a larger, more complex coat of arms, and many of its elements date back to the Middle Ages.
let me do this in a new color so three x squared squared
through the entrance of Havana harbor and in another scant two miles
girl dining with an old chap but three tables away.
He won gold - snatched 156 kg and clean and jerked an additional 194 kg for a total of 350 kg.
Where he finished 7th - snatched 152 kg and clean and jerked an additional 194 kg for a total of 346 kg.
The fort was a massive structure 18 metres (60 ft) high with walls more than 2 metres (6 ft) thick and studded with numerous towers and bastions.
I intended also to develop the third , but just as I finished the others , a half-dozen city cousins swooped down upon us and I had to put away my paraphernalia , emerge from my dark retreat and fly around to entertain them .
but were Scottish women and I think to a Scottish woman two thousand pounds, I, I mean I know a lot of Scottish women
In opposition, Plaintiffs filed a motion on December 8, noting that preparations for accession of transgender candidates were largely complete by July 1, 2017, and an additional six months had been added.
Never in a fucking million years did I expect to hear that from him.
well it takes me a good seven hours to get to Shay Stadium.
It was unrequited love and we've been married for a good 17 years.
a good many notions to school with her that were not at all in
She went on to study at the Liberty University in Lynchburg, Virginia, earning a degree in government and history and then returned to Grand Turk to teach forth grade for an additional two years.
That's a staggering 22 years.
A further 468 men were either wounded or taken prisoner.
That's a staggering 22 years.
I've assigned a full two weeks to the Republic, which would be four lectures, but because I wanted to do some other things with the course as well,
Two clubs have appeared in a record four consecutive finals:
And then, on the bottom of page sixteen and through on to seventeen is addressing the point that, also within the guideline, we have been asked, we've been asked as a Committee, to look at the implications of finding up to a further two hundred and fifty thousand pounds' worth of reductions.
Unfortunately it would appear, or perhaps fortunately, depending on, on one's views, erm, the policy has always been quite clear, that we should treat them in exactly the same way as we treat the independent sector, and that there would be an arm's length independent inspection, that has now been made explicitly clear that that is the requirement, and therefore you would have to withdraw that and say that if there is a requirement to find a further two hundred and fifty thousand pounds' worth of savings, we will have to go and identify another area rather than that.
Buckley would make only three league appearances, all from the substitutes bench, during the 2002–03 season with a further three appearances in cup competitions.
More than a half dozen coaches may assist the manager in running the team.
Firefighters were expecting to continue tackling the blaze for at least a further 24 hours.
There are an estimated 600 globulars in NGC 1553.
In the Exeter v. Corpus Christi match, Corpus Christi captain Gail Trimble answered a record fifteen starters correctly, leading to much interest on internet forums and in the popular press.
Er, turning to the media investments, well we all tend to think that the er, the bids tended to be on the high side but er, at least Yorkshire got the licence for the next ten years and they have the option in ninety eight to go for a further ten years and I can tell you er, because I've had er, lots of conversations with Clive  that they're really working on, on making the best improving their returns from that franchise and I'm quite sure they'll succeed.
It subsequently slipped a further 24 hours after the landing of on Mission STS-131 was delayed, as the Eastern Range could not have been reconfigured quickly enough to accommodate both events on the same day.
The motorway designation continues for a further 600 metres before continuing through the suburb of East Taieri.
He killed five students and injuring an additional 17 people, before shooting himself.
He scored a career-high 42 points on March 1, 2011 in a game against the Guildford Heat.
He had to stop a great many times that day to breathe on his purple hands .
When Fulton County was organized in 1823, the settlers selected a blufftop location several miles away as the county seat.
On October 30, 2011, Long had a career-high 3 sacks versus the New Orleans Saints and was named "Sports Illustrated's" NFC Defensive Player of the Week for his efforts.
lotus employees it's a mindset our systems kmart up to see a lot of it the only thing that could see was the birds they were going fast and the public debate that could fly like a break example possibly last time so for centuries we walked to make it work but that people make that we need a job to get everything too three months of the more products so in fact upgrades on soviet kitchen of uh... bruce fein but it was on the probably jensen and they came to the propulsion the propulsion system is nothing new on the construct a glorified seven hundred people eight hundred years ago chinese made the first rockets operative fire although i don't have been made a big attack if you have the chinese and they didn't have the bristol really human beings on intelligence we see things moving we want to understand what do we see more species of more moves received a strongholds issue on that things in the universe more and if you don't solve the structure hall they move in the universe then you come to the same conclusions i have only make you have to make itself the bread make a copy of their that's what we don't across process and look strange good copy it two-way earthworks in our system because we have complete up what's what they did their structure at this and that's why it looks a little strange things so if you have the president of the chinese and we have the mountains of this mail with a purpose and proposals i have centuries of possible usable a lot of kings bozos unexplained minded not discolored gravity and magnetic field at the same time it without discovered a tool to get out of this town is the simplicity of the same thousands of migrant sort of salt
It was a precursor to a grander effort three decades later led by Wang Anshi.
The quarter-final included Nigeria, where after a scoreless 90 minutes the game was to be decided in extra time.
An additional 755 Category 1 MaxxPros were ordered on July 20, 2007, also for delivery by February 2008, and a third order for a further 1,000 vehicles was announced on October 18, 2007.
On July 18, 2011 Navistar Defense received a delivery order for an additional 140 MRV's with rocket-propelled grenade (RPG) nets from the U.S. Marine Corps Systems Command.
He also played a full 90 minutes in second match against current world champions Spain, with Chile getting a historic 2–0 win.
But the benefits are being reduced and our means tested and will get harder to pay out because of the furore recently erm fraudulent claims and  we're a healthy nation but more people are claiming invalidity benefit.
Before them rose a vast circular structure several stories high,
Each member of the 24th Massachusetts was equipped with an additional two shovels to immediately rebuild the rifle pits once taken.
The box-office sales indicated that Chevalier, who was also appearing in America, was more popular with American audiences than Elen and so he returned to the UK and performed for a further seven years as a top attraction in music halls across London, before his retirement.
No I'm stopping in with our kid, you know, and you couldn't impose on, on  so er if there was  fisticuffs, fights, falling out, I'll fetch our kid, I'll fetch our wench, I mean there we you used to, honestly and truthfully, you, you used to feel it, you know erm  because when there was any trouble, problems or like that there was always somebody to share it well  it had the advantages in some ways, perhaps you was er had a little bit more luxuries than the f bigger family, but i in my mind that didn't make up for the companionship of brothers and sisters, no b b b b that, that's w how I put it anyway.
The temperature inside was a constant 5 degrees Celsius, kept just
She said, "I have had a fantastic ten years at Icknield Walk, and there are lots of people to thank for that – parents, staff, governors, PTA committees and most of all the children.
On January 26, 2020, Vargas recorded a double-double 15 points and 14 assists, while shooting 7-of-12 from the field, leading Haifa to a 95–87 win over Hapoel Jerusalem.
I had a mum as a single parent and two grandparents and they did an excellent job of bringing me up!
Soviet pilots carry an automatic and two seven-round clips for
At the time, a record-high 185 underclassed draft prospects (i.e., players with remaining college eligibility) had declared themselves for eligibility at the April 24 deadline (138 of them being from college), although college players who had not hired agents or signed professional contracts outside the NBA were able to decide to return to college by May 24, 10 days after the end of the NBA Draft Combine.
Kitanoumi was promoted to "yokozuna" at age 21, becoming the youngest ever to achieve sumo's top rank, and he remained a "yokozuna" for a record 63 tournaments.
It has won the Italian Volleyball League (four times), the Italian Cup, the Italian Super Cup, the CEV Champions League (three consecutive times) and the FIVB Men's Club World Volleyball Championship (a record four consecutive times).
Sruhagh is traversed by a public road and several rural lanes.
During the next month, the 39th Regiment would suffer an estimated 360 casualties and be rendered ineffective for attacks.
It was also re-released in 2010 with a new artwork and three extra songs.
Part of the property was sold, and with an additional 6000 scudi donated by Gio.
They had been a hard five years of pinching and economizing and going without , for Enderby was only a small place , and there were two other dressmakers .
I do n't think that I have any foolish pride about clothes , but you know it is out of the question to think of going to Clare Forbes 's party in my last winter 's plaid dress , which is a good two inches too short and skimpy in proportion .
`` In a faded plaid two inches too short ? ''
White played a record 195 games for Rut Auckland between 1950 and 1963.
On that planet, a 100-pound person... would weigh a whopping 254 pounds.
Examining closely, he saw a second ring two feet above the first,
Since nineteen eighty two  when they took away the related earnings from the unemployment benefit  they have introduced a further nine retrograde steps to the plight of the unemployed  and now the proposals  as has already been pointed out  they now have a look, because there's a fifty billion pound shortfall  at how they can best tackle the sick and make them pay, as well as people who are struggling to keep a roof over their head.
It is radiating 7.5 times the Sun's luminosity from its photosphere at an effective temperature of 6,471 K. The star has an estimated 1.4 times the mass of the Sun and is spinning with a moderately high projected rotational velocity of 44.4 km/s.
Over the next two seasons Whibley made a further 59 appearances scoring 10 goals but towards the end of the 1922–23 season was no longer first choice outside-left and in May 1923, returned to Sittingbourne.
He was promoted to the main squad in 1982, and was also in charge of the club for a further two spells, aside from a year at neighbouring CD Leganés.
Matthew Insists on Puffed Sleeves Matthew was having a bad ten minutes of it .
In the third game against the Seattle Seahawks, he had a career-high 5 receptions.
In the fifth game against the Houston Texans, he had a career-high 55 receiving yards.
He was used mostly for blocking purposes, finishing the season with a career-high 26 receptions for 242 yards and one touchdown.
There were an estimated 10 casualties.
He got a terrible hurt ten years ago , and never got over it .
I was a mere twenty years old, and my enthronement divided Goguryeo in half.
I did n't want to do it , but forty-five years of sojourning in this world have taught me that a body has to do a good many things she does n't want to do , and that most of them turn out to be for the best in the long run .
If no candidate receives a majority of votes, the top two candidates go to a second round two weeks later.
The original brick section is two stories over a partially above-ground basement in the Colonial Revival style/ It is eleven bays long and two rooms deep, with a slate-covered hipped roof with a central cupola and two rear dormers.
Fighting a further six times between September 1998 and September 2000 Edwards went on to lose on all six occasions.
The next year saw Edwards revert to the journeyman type with four fights resulting in a further two defeats against one draw and one win against Neil Read.
In a fierce engagement two days later, the small British ship was able to defeat and capture the French vessel, which was later commissioned into the Royal Navy.
Tafer finished the campaign with the under-17s appearing in 19 matches and scoring a team-high 11 goals.
Miss Trevor looked him over carefully with eyes that had seen a good many people in many parts of the world for more years than she found it altogether pleasant to acknowledge , and she concluded that he was quite the handsomest lad she had ever seen .
In his only year there he had 25 catches for 417 yards with a career-high three touchdowns.
longtime political battle of lake review unit for some reason one of the disrupts uh... a bus service raked in hiring thousand extras too although unlike the light of the bus station but it can get on the bus and so that it was really try to get all of us could do it e it's a simple seven when you stop trying to visit will take us back up no permanent damage and this tactic has been used by number of different groups uh... probably the most famous is the attorney disturbance peter mather really interesting case happens in germany whereas group of activists got together wanted to protest the fact that the e airline wisconsin words using they were using airplanes to do for instant grants and they would take down the site and in fact eventually the german towards the middle of the business illegitimate formats from airports security to subway bad checks there's no question it's a new world post nine eleven days worsened for humans post nine eleven because intrusion and surveillance which is always going to be misused by those who can't use arm uh... that has created a different kind of society in which freedom the freedom to move unobserved is privileged only if the rich privacy is a privilege only thirty hacker see the technology giving them sanction to buy the approvals exclusion as well intrinsic to the technology is the power uh... self transcend and get out of the hulk culture and and move forward took part with the masters of society and do battle with them unequal playing field acceptance but anonymous grew out of what's known as fortunate essentially this is just one website where people can afloat images are view i think if your name this is sort of anonymous when you look at the camera surprised because it looks like the same nineteen for something on the ideas recently posted comment with picture on then you can post it on here anymore or anonymous separated reports about technology exodus canada's topic weaponry fortune board for working on the hugest of voters in virginia there was a recall through the use of the board which essentially was fully anything goes the first time a body goes on the it's kind of an instant reporting there's there's never and on their results in something horrible that isley puts off a lot of people it is post something that can never be unseen half of the posts on b are there specifically to make people not want to come back to be how do you ever read one of the flyers yeah and especially being is one of the fires except some of them are six sixteen anymore they're just allowed access to you it's what you do it for you to the world to express soulful blocks to the moon strips that's the premise that most given margin dash that and there's something wrong with it it's the most viale disgusting and funny thing fortune and was that on the by crisp moot pool when he was very young maybe fifteen in early two thousand serbs team started porch and because he was a big fan of are japanese animation the dismantles its sweetest kid you've ever met your
He put an amazing 82 years into the preaching of the gospel of Jesus Christ.
"Da Cuo Cue" () (2005) is a popular 22 episodes TV series produced in Mainland China rewriting the film plot starring Li Xuejian () and Li Lin ().
Jacobus began working for the Times in January 2006; a mere eight months later, she became president and chief operating officer of the Times Regional Media Group.
Ah and it really is, it it looks like being a very very long twenty odd minutes to for Shrewsbury Town, they're really getting at 'em now Blackburn, they're having all the play and.
Well, compared to a judge's 120-koku, we money lenders have a mere 65-koku
An estimated 140 people were killed in fighting between the PWG and government forces throughout the year.
An additional 2,776 people were injured, along with 21,310 houses either destroyed or too damaged to repair.
A team of experts gives Michelin stars for excellence to a select few establishments.
The total number of workers in not known, but an estimated 10 000 to 15 000 men were used in construction works around Helsinki and up to 100 000 total in Finland.
The main line of defence had larger two searchlights at Rysäkari and Kuivasaari and an additional six smaller searchlights beside them and on the other islands.
Phase II of the Greenway was completed in March 2015 and extends an additional 0.7 miles to the Joseph McDowell House on US Highway 70 West and beyond.
Overall, "No Good Advice" was inside the top forty for six weeks; it spent an additional eight weeks in the top 75, selling over 105,000 copies.
However, the Giants won only a combined 11 games in the next two seasons and their offense finished statistically worst in the league in 1996.
Brown had a career-high 51 tackles, and his first complete 16 game season.
In a victory over Chicago (Dec. 7), Brown posted a season-high four stops, along with a pass breakup.
But by night his lameness had quite disappeared , and although we were still a good twenty-five miles from Bothwell we could see it quite distinctly far ahead on the level prairie . ''
However, the bout was called off for a second time six weeks prior to the fight because Pavlik's infection had not completely healed.
He sailed westabout through the Panama Canal, circling the globe and returning to England as a local celebrity eight years later.
In 1944 he won a career-high 17 games, and was the winner of the final game of the World Series against the crosstown Browns.
He had an unfortunate love affair two years ago and has never got over it . ''
Overall, Cox spent five years with the Dolphins playing both outside and middle linebacker, starting 75 out of a possible 78 games.
Kepler-438b is an extrasolar planet that circles Kepler-438 a red dwarf star 470 light years away in the constellation Lyra.
It consists of 126 multiple-choice questions and the test is scored out of a possible 164 points.
Since 1928, the GOP had lost 178 House seats, 40 Senate seats and 19 governorships, though it retained a mere 89 seats in the House and 16 in the Senate.
It is a located circa 15 kilometers north of the town of Gothenburg.
Even in Minnesota, Mondale won by a mere 3,761 votes, meaning Reagan came within less than 3,800 votes of winning in all fifty states.
To accomplish the poltergeist-like effects in the film's opening scene, the set was constructed at a rotated 90 degrees; this allowed items to be hurled by the crew from the cabinet—which was in fact anchored to the ceiling—to the floor, which appeared on camera as a wall.
When evacuees from New Orleans resettled temporarily in the New York City area, MetroNation hosted them at a MetroStars match on September 17, 2005 – a wild 5–4 MetroStars victory over New England Revolution.
Just prior to the war the total peacetime army consisted of a paltry 16,000 men.
He served as a national selector several times from the 1960s to the 1980s.
She makes a hobby of collecting dolls all over the world , but I doubt if she has in her collection a doll that served to amuse a little girl four thousand years ago in the court of the Pharaohs . ''
After a further 7 km, Sulzbach an der Murr is reached.
In October 1719 Law's Company lent the French state 1.5 billion livres at 3% to pay off the national debt, a transaction funded by issuing a further 300,000 shares in the company.
But  at the heart of that issue I you know that specific issue I think is a good example of the of of the problem which I see you facing is that I think it's more not so much about the noise but about  the fact that we have a relatively privileged few people who are enjoying going to these May Balls I mean and enjoying the end of their exams, staying up all night, and I wonder in fact if it's more a matter of sour grapes rather than environmental health.
There are extensive gardens, with a celebrated rhododendron walk and six national plant collections: Aster novi-belgii (Michaelmas daisies), Phlox paniculata, Delphinium elatum (Cultivars), Solenostemon scutellarioides (sys.
The former coal miner had not been seen since setting out on a local shopping trip five days earlier.
She has tyrannized over her , and yet she has always indulged her in a good many ways .
The show toured to an additional twenty venues across the United States and Canada.
The No.508 bus service to Halifax is a further 5 minutes walk up Bradford Road, to near the junction with Old Road.
a good many more mice, and they were twice the size of those he had
This sounds like a bad one, folks, so keep it locked on Forthaven WSVU 87.3 for all the news as it happens.
Their first collaboration "The Netocrats" was originally released in Swedish in 2000, became available in English in 2003, and has since been translated to a further 16 languages with total worldwide sales exceeding 340,000 copies.
The bus station was rebuilt in 1994 with a main passenger concourse and 19 bus stands.
Not a great many people knew of its existence .
Although the writing did not pay much (his income for the first year was nine rupees and twelve annas), he had a regular life and few needs, and his family and friends respected and supported his unorthodox choice of career.
A great many toys are part of active play.
I 'll give an extra ten dollars every time you get your father to preach on hell .
From 1941 to 1945, almost 20,000 Soviet prisoners of war and a further 50,000 inmates died there.
He had been a stern , reserved man many years older than his fair , pretty wife .
A mere three pounds.
Phase two will use natural flood management techniques to help slow the flow, helping to protect a further 1,048 homes and 474 businesses.
The Syrian Arab Armed Forces officially announced that the ambush did happen, and a spokesman for the Armed Forces said "an armed terrorist group undertook an evil assassination plot that martyred six pilots, a technical officer and three other personnel on an air force base between Homs and Palmyra."
A further seven boats of the class were built in Norway in 1898–1901, at the Royal Norwegian Navy Shipyard at Karljohansvern in Horten.
There are also an estimated 70 billion tons of black coal and lignite reserves.
Ethel Reese gave her a bad ten minutes by beckoning her mysteriously out of the pavilion and whispering , with a Reese-like smirk , that her dress gaped behind and that there was a stain on the flounce .
12,743 people lived here at the 2020 census, with an estimated 11,756 people lived here in 2019.
`` We will all have to do a great many things in the months ahead of us that we have never done before , Rilla . ''
An additional 23 injured people were named in the March 3, 1965 Gazette but no additional details were provided.
Susan stalked undauntedly into the kitchen , seized an old storm coat of the doctor 's and after a wild pursuit and several fruitless dashes and pounces , managed to throw it over the cat and can .
In its second week, the album dropped to number 24 on the chart, selling an additional 18,000 copies.
It's a special three-weeks Honor program.
There are an estimated 78.3 million Americans who were born during this period.
He preferred to set the vibraphone's oscillator to a low 3.3 revolutions per second (as opposed to Lionel Hampton's speed of 10 revolutions per second) for a more subtle tremolo.
Health claims are also made for over-the-counter drugs and prescription drugs, medical procedures, and medical devices, but these generally have a separate, much more stringent set of regulations.
Usually three eggs are laid (sometimes just one or two); they hatch after 24–26 days, with the chicks fledging after a further 30–35 days.
A large-scale construction project was planned at the end of 2007 to build a further 55 apartment blocks in the Bedmen area.
Brinkley gained worldwide fame with her appearances in the late 1970s "Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issues", ultimately appearing on an unprecedented three consecutive covers starting in 1979.
She had met a good many men in her time, but
Gliese 667 Cc is an extrasolar planet 22.18 light years away.
Denali is home to a variety of North American birds and mammals, including an estimated 300-350 grizzly bears on the north side of the Alaska Range (70 bears per 1000 square miles) and an estimated 2,700 black bears (334 per 1,000 square miles).
In the 2004 ROC Presidential Election an estimated 10,000 Taiwanese Americans traveled to Taiwan to vote in an election in which the margin of victory was 30,000, and both groups campaigned extensively in the United States and held campaign rallies in Taiwan to welcome their voters from near and far.
By 1953, there were 685 police boxes on the streets of Greater London, with an additional 72 smaller police posts, also designed by Trench, used in the inner divisions where there was no space for the larger kiosks.
Manufacture industry barely surviving  thousands of job losses  a public service borrowing requirement at a staggering fifty billion pounds  Black Wednesday devaluation  government climb-downs, U-turns, defeats on Maastricht, the mines, education, railway privatization  V A T on heating bills.
On December 6, Ekblad scored a career-high three points in a 3–2 win against the Buffalo Sabres.
The CSA is the fifth-largest in Tennessee with an estimated 500,530 residents.
In the autumn of 2018, Campbell worked virtually full-time for the People's Vote campaign, in particular the planning and organisation of a march on Parliament on 20 October, which drew an estimated 250,000 people onto the streets.
Feels to me like it would do an honest 160 miles an hour.
I pay a straight five dollars for anything, a doctor visit or drugs
An estimated 25 million animals become homeless every year.
However, certification for international operation is not seen as a priority, as the trains are restricted to domestic services for an initial 10 years under the terms of a grant from the EU Cohesion Fund which covered 22% of the project cost.
German People's Republic" as it had been termed for a brief two days,
Danna (), was a Palestinian village 13 kilometres north of Baysan that was captured by the Israel Defense Forces during the 1948 Arab-Israeli war, and the villagers were expelled.
There were an estimated 300 Druze living there.
It had a population 10 Muslim households, an estimated 55 persons.
They are a great many nice things , but they are NOT sweet and should n't be .
It had a population of 33 Muslim household, an estimated 182 persons.
According to Saleh Abd al-Jawad an estimated 80–200 civilian men, women and children were killed.
By 1596, 'Ajjur was a part of the "nahiya" ("subdistrict") of Gaza, part of Sanjak Gaza, with 35 Muslim households; an estimated 193 persons.
At the north-west corner there was a thick square minaret 10–15 meters high with chamfered corners.
Since its founding in 1888, USU's varsity and club sports and its players have won a combined 16 national championships.
`` I 'd rather die an old maid forty times over , '' exclaimed Felicity .
went out last weekend bought a bloody camcorder twelve hundred quid
I have been beating myself up for a full four minutes!
Doherty did not mention the track's name, but did say it was an extremely short three bars of music.
They had help from a German assault battalion and ten heavy artillery battalions.
The next eight years he averaged 76.25 games in each season, with a career-high 92 games in 1939.
During his time in ROH, he held the ROH World Championship for a record 21 months.
That's, that's a long eight years, though.
WE had no intention of going to bed for a good two hours yet .
He paid the bishop in gold and a great many hides of land to convince her but Etheldreda would not change her mind.
A linear regression uses a dependent variable and one or more explanatory variables to create a straight line.
Gaia will create an extremely precise three-dimensional map of stars throughout the Milky Way galaxy and map their motions.
But he was almost choked by a great many tender feelings that gushed out of his heart and swelled into his throat , all struggling to find utterance together .
He carelessly lifted his club , and balanced it in his hand , measuring Antaeus with his eye , from head to foot , not as if wonder-smitten at his stature , but as if he had seen a great many Giants before , and this was by no means the biggest of them .
As a great many thousand Pygmies were employed in this task , they soon brought together several bushels of inflammatory matter , and raised so tall a heap , that , mounting on its summit , they were quite upon a level with the sleeper 's face .
In those histories , perhaps , it stands recorded , that , a great many centuries ago , the valiant Pygmies avenged the death of the Giant Antaeus by scaring away the mighty Hercules .
Another 51 countries have officially declared that they do not have a stockpile and a further three countries are scheduled to destroy theirs by the end of the year.
In 2014, there was an estimated 134,804 people living there.
Running towards the tuft of trees , he beheld the head and fiery eyes of an immense serpent or dragon , with the widest jaws that ever a dragon had , and a vast many rows of horribly sharp teeth .
Up sprouted also a great many trumpeters ; and with the first breath that they drew , they put their brazen trumpets to their lips , and sounded a tremendous and ear-shattering blast , so that the whole space , just now so quiet and solitary , reverberated with the clash and clang of arms , the bray of warlike music , and the shouts of angry men .
For , only a little while before he came thither , he had met with a terrible hurricane , or rather a great many hurricanes at once , which drove his fleet of vessels into a strange part of the sea , where neither himself nor any of his mariners had ever sailed .
In 2011, he returned to coach Southport (now in the North East Australian Football League) for a third time, where he was senior coach for a further three years.
Circe and the four nymphs must have been very diligently at work since the arrival of the mariners ; for a great many yards of tapestry had now been wrought , in addition to what I before described .
The young Proserpina ran quickly to a spot where , only the day before , she had seen a great many flowers .
Nevertheless , it troubled her with a vast many tender fears , such as are ready to bestir themselves in every mother 's heart , when she finds it necessary to go away from her dear children without leaving them under the care of some maiden aunt , or other such faithful guardian .
For , beside a great many other accomplishments , this young man was renowned for his admirable poetry .
And Hecate took her at her word , and hurried back to her beloved cave , frightening a great many little children with a glimpse of her dog 's face as she went .
I haven't used Windows in a long, like seven or eight years.
`` My little Proserpina , '' said the king , sitting down , and affectionately drawing her between his knees , `` here is Quicksilver , who tells me that a great many misfortunes have befallen innocent people on account of my detaining you in my dominions .
The grief of their separation had caused both of them to shed a great many tears ; and now they shed a great many more , because their joy could not so well express itself in any other way .
The 14-part series showcases stories of kidnapping, murder, a faux marriage proposal and many other crimes aired by Colors TV, Voot and MX Player.
It was now easy to yoke the bulls , and to harness them to the plow , which had lain rusting on the ground for a great many years gone by ; so long was it before anybody could be found capable of plowing that piece of land .
In 2019, after over 3 years of drought, an unseen five students qualified for ICDC in Orlando, Florida, including Edward Ho, who placed in the top 10 for his event and became Co-President of the club.
This would be a very sad thing to befall a young mail who wanted to perform a great many brave deeds , and to enjoy a great deal of happiness , in this bright and beautiful world .
I have helped a good many young men through adventures that looked difficult enough beforehand .
I have heard of a great many strange things , in my day , and have witnessed not a few ; but none , it seems to me , that can compare with the oddity of these Three Gray Women , all peeping through a single eye .
It is a flower that never lives alone , but which loves its own kind , and is always fond of dwelling with a great many friends and relatives around it .
It was plain enough to perceive that the good old couple had renewed their age , and were now to spend a quiet and delightful hundred years or so , Philemon as an oak , and Baucis as a linden-tree .
Pandora had looked at this face a great many times , and imagined that the mouth could smile if it liked , or be grave when it chose , the same as any living mouth .
On January 14, 2016, Lyles was able to score a season-high 19 points in a 103-101 loss to the Sacramento Kings.
Dyakov made a further 24 league appearances in the 2008–09 season without scoring.
But she heard a disagreeable buzzing , as if a great many huge flies , or gigantic mosquitoes , or those insects which we call dorbugs and pinching-dogs , were darting about .
There were evil Passions ; there were a great many species of Cares ; there were more than a hundred and fifty Sorrows ; there were Diseases , in a vast number of miserable and painful shapes ; there were more kinds of Naughtiness than it would be of any use to talk about .
De Kort had a successful three years at with 5th at Driedaagse van West-Vlaanderen, 12th at the Eneco Tour and 4th at Ster Elektrotoer all in 2008, he stayed with the team in 2012, when it rebranded to and finished 3rd in Dwars Door Vlaanderen as well as 16th in the World Championships Road Race in Valkenburg, both in 2012.
There was a gray drift , far and wide , through the gathering twilight ; the earth was as pathless as the air ; and the bank of snow over the steps of the porch proved that nobody had entered or gone out for a good many hours past .
And , even in the old , old , half-forgotten times , before the garden of the Hesperides was overrun with weeds , a great many people doubted whether there could be real trees that bore apples of solid gold upon their branches .
Epping has since won a further two premierships in Division Two.
He met with a great many strange adventures , which would be well worth your hearing , if I had leisure to narrate them as minutely as they deserve .
A great many more factors go into the making of a successful dramatic
After three Orioles pitchers surrendered a combined 19 runs in just four innings, manager Earl Weaver placed Harlow in the game to start the fifth inning.
1898 saw the barracks expand to accommodate a further 1,000 men.
He finished the regular season at 21–3, with a league-leading 0.97 WHIP, 2.90 ERA, and a career-high 240 strikeouts.
Spanning his last three starts of June, he registered 24 consecutive scoreless innings, retired 52 consecutive batters without allowing a hit, struck out 33, and completed 26 of a possible 27 innings.
On October 3, Scherzer achieved his second career no-hitter, and second of the season, versus the Mets, striking out a new career-high 17 batters with no walks.
There have been a great many kinds of writs.
South Africa held onto Namibia's economic port of Walvis Bay for an additional 18 months until it was assured that SWAPO would respect the newly-founded constitution and the principle of a multi-party democracy.
An estimated 10,000 people attended the funeral of Srđan Simić, the Serb soldier who was killed.
After the funeral, an estimated 20,000 people visited Aleksandar Ranković's grave in the same cemetery and sang "Hey, Slavs", the national anthem of Yugoslavia.
Beginning at their next race at Road Atlanta, the car defeated the factory Jaguar team by a mere four seconds.
Tomasz Gollob is the most successful rider in the history of the competition, having won it a record eight times.
After all, the British series ran for only two seasons and had a mere seven episodes each season...So how is CBS going to stretch this into 22 episodes without stretching it too thin?...In many ways, "Worst Week" seems incapable of being made into an American version (there were previous attempts that failed), because not only does the title not make sense, but not having a payoff for all the freaky, not-so-karmic woes Sam endures will be frustrating to the viewing audience .
Beer became a favorite drink and many German-Americans who knew how to brew beer began producing it in large quantities.
He has won the Coast to Coast race a record nine times.
He won the Coast to Coast a record 9 times, more than any other person, in 1990, 1991, and 1997 to 2003.. Steve brought increased exposure to the race by surprising the nation and becoming the first nudist on NZ Breakfast TV.
He appeared in 331 matches during 11 seasons, scoring a combined 73 goals for Celta, Albacete, Alavés, Gimnàstic, Elche and Girona.
Ratification by an additional 27 states is now necessary for this amendment to be adopted.
Despite growing demand for sugar, there are still an estimated 90,750 hectares (224,000 acres) of sugarcane available that can be used for ethanol production, and high-yielding varieties of sugarcane are available.
Now, since the number of states has increased, ratification by an additional 26 states would be needed for this amendment to be adopted.
The only other former East German sides to earn promotion to the Bundesliga to date are FC Energie Cottbus and VfB Leipzig, while a half dozen others of these clubs have played in 2.
In the fire, an estimated 32 people were killed and 15 people were injured.
He advanced to the North Bay Centennials of the Ontario Hockey League for the 1987–88 season and put up 33 points in 57 games to go along with a whopping 272 penalty minutes (PIM).
And it, they're likely to need something like a further twenty thousand pounds er, if they don't have sufficient funds to continue to  at the balance of this financial year.
At SLU, Yarbrough coached the Lions to five winning seasons and a school-record five winning campaigns in the Southland Conference, along with 11 players named to all-SLC teams.
5th Escort Group was reinforced on this occasion by an additional two destroyers, in view of the importance of the cargo, and met the convoy as it entered the Western Approaches.
Last year was erm, an additional twenty thousand pounds at the last moment, chickenfeed for the big committees, that's the annoying thing, but what particularly annoys me, and I have to say this, I'll express it  is the knowledge that what can be a phenomenal deprivation to this Committee, goes very, very, very little towards solving the major problems that this county faces, it doesn't have a tremendous impact.
The football program has a rich history (Merlin Olsen and Phil Olsen are alumni) throughout the mid-20th century, but has struggled lately, following two ill-fated stints as an independent program and two more years in the geographically distant Sun Belt Conference, after the Big West Conference, which had housed the Aggies since 1978, elected to stop sponsoring football in 2001.
Additionally, an estimated 60,000 spectators lined the course, and 4,000 volunteers provided assistance.
Now saving is a classic two selves problem.
It stood in eighteen acres of playing fields in a rural area five miles south west of Wolverhampton.
He coached Gloucestershire from 1950 and in a match against Hampshire in 1953 he took a record 10 catches, 6 of them in the first innings.
An estimated 3,000 women have made their homes there begging and praying at the temples.
There is a modern village hall and two croquet pitches.
On 18 December 1944, she was renamed "Tacloban", after a town on the island of Leyte, where American forces had landed a scant two months earlier, freeing the name "Tulsa" to be used for the planned USS "Tulsa" (CA-129).
`` Little Hans had a great many friends , but the most devoted friend of all was big Hugh the Miller .
I know it is very generous of me , and a great many people would think me extremely foolish for parting with it , but I am not like the rest of the world .
During the 1990s, Nightcliff played in seven Grand Finals, winning a further three premierships.
She was one of those people who think that , if you say the same thing over and over a great many times , it becomes true in the end .
So  without knowing any more  than you knew when you sat the exam,you could pick up an extra three marks there.
The Saltukid dynasty is also notable for having a woman, Melike Mama Hatun, sister of Nasiruddin Muhammed, directly administering its realm for an estimated nine years, between 1191 and 1200.
In 2014, there was an estimated 4,000 elephants living on Sri Lanka.
In the year 2012 (a future time when the film was made), an underground laboratory ten kilometres beneath the steppes of Western Siberia is the stage for the top-secret Project BUNKER.
Hunter-Reay won his first race in 2003 and has won a total 11 races, including three straight in 2012.
The authors said they got the idea to probe permafrost samples for new viruses after reading about an experiment that revived a similar aged seed two years earlier.
This is if I am doing animations, my current animation would be a total 250 frames long.
For a fixed approximation ratio formula_99 and probabilities formula_12 and formula_15, one can set formula_102 and formula_103, where formula_104.
The train operates in two parts, where 11 carriages depart Hong Kong (travelling under number T97B from Beijing and T98B from Hong Kong) with an additional 8 carriages added at Guangzhou East railway station (using number Z97A/Z98A), totalling 19 carriages.
There were also a further 1,338 people who stated their birthplace as 'South or Central America' (note that not all South American countries are "Latin").
85 Pegasi is a multiple star system 39.5 light years away in the constellation of Pegasus.
He finished in second place at Boston a record seven times.
and, uh, we, we've had a good many foreign cars.
`` O , Alan , '' says I , `` and me a good twelve inches taller ? ''
He led the Utes in carries with 146, rushing with a career-high 707 yards (4.8 ypc and 54.4 ypg) and touchdowns with 12, which tied for second-best in the Mountain West Conference.
In the season opener game, he carried the ball 36 times for a career-high 156 yards against in-state rival Utah State.
The following week, he ran for a career-high 115 rushing yards on 14 carries in the season finale against the 7-8 Detroit Lions.
In Week 17, he rushed for a season-high 91 yards on 19 carries in the season finale win against the Chicago Bears.
For the 2014 season, Asiata finished with 570 yards on 164 carries (averaging 3.5 yards a carry) with a career-high 9 touchdowns, and also caught 44 passes for 312 yards and a touchdown.
With Peterson's return, Asiata came back to special teams, corralling a career-high six special teams tackles.
`` I have come from a great many strange places , sir , '' said I ; `` but I think it would be as well to tell you where and how in a more private manner . ''
For all that , he had been a long while of finding out his want , and had spoken to and recognised a good few persons as we came through the town ; and I had little doubt myself that he saw reasonably well .
Now, this is not an Oxford cartoon either, but it's a looting soldier, and very much, I think, underlines what people felt about soldiers around the place, and to go back to the overcrowding, erm the great problem was that constantly not only soldiers, but a great many other people, court officials, court servants, barbers, whoever, erm all had to found accommodation, and because St Aldate's was so near the court, a great many of them were of course connected with the court, they had some high ranking ones.
Keep a sure man fifty paces afore you , to draw shots ; and go softly till y ' are past the wood .
£5000, or, failing payment thereof, to a further three years.
But it lasted for a good seven or eight years after the war was finished.
Well we had er the business was quite good er we had er we could do, of course at the end of the war, we could have done with an awful lot more cars, but we couldn't get them.
At its peak, annual attendance reached an estimated 250,000 resort visitsand was televised in 122 countries.
On July 23, two of these were recorded by Harry Taylor of local radio station CKRC in a tiny two-track recordings studio.
YPI is currently run in 158 schools across Canada, with an estimated 26,000 students participating.
In the 2012-13 academic year, 4,225 Canadian charities were advocated for through YPI, and an estimated 61,000 people will directly benefit from YPI grants to charities.
YPI students reached an estimated 182,000 Canadians with their presentations and information on their charities.
YPI is currently run in schools across Northern Ireland with an estimated 2,250 students participating.
YPI is currently run in 255 schools in Scotland, with an estimated 34,000 students participating (academic year 2018/19).
YPI is currently run in 8 schools in New York City, with an estimated 850 students participating.
He won a record seven editions of the marathon Bordeaux–Paris.
Melissa Maerz wrote a positive review for "Entertainment Weekly", saying that "there's a half-dozen good ones on his fourth full-length "Sweeter" (check the title track).
A co-ed high school and two primary schools were established at Belakoba by the end of 1940s and after independence the work went ahead with accelerated pace as the local people and rich persons, being inspired by his noble efforts, joined his mission.
Labour Councillors have set up over a hundred new Council Committee meetings, an extra six hundred meetings a year, and the hundreds of thousands of pounds that is gonna cost the people of , not the community charge payers, not the community charge payers, but those people, the elderly and the handicapped who are looking for services from this Authority, which the Labour Group will say, we can't afford to provide cos the Government doesn't send us enough money.
3 places were reserved for Great Britain as host nation, but Great Britain decided to use only one of them and a further 3 invitational places shall be decided by the Tripartite Commission.
There are an estimated 150 radio stations broadcasting throughout Afghanistan.
An estimated 150 radio stations exist in Afghanistan, with AM, FM and shortwave, broadcasting mainly in Persian and Pashto as well as some Urdu, Hindi and English languages.
He made a further 13 appearances in 1999 and finished the year with the second most hit outs at Adelaide, behind David Pittman, but would be delisted.
Another 1 5 francs was levied for transporting their remains and a further 20 francs was needed for each burial-
During 300 days of fighting, an astonishing 26 million shells rained down on the German and French troops who fought here-
Inflation spiralled out of control and within a year, the price of a loaf of bread rose from a few pfennigs to an astonishing 340 million marks-
The most haunting of all of those pictures is of... an old lady and three children peering out of a little opening in the side of one of these trucks with a soldier lying on the roof above them.
Wick Airport opened in 1933 as a grass airfield operated by Highland Airways Ltd. but in 1939 the RAF took over the airfield due to World War II and upgraded it giving it a solid runway and more Hangars.
"There are a great many young men out in the world, mademoiselle.
The north wing, which faces along the Esplanade, curves almost a full 90 degrees, while the south wing is shorter, curving roughly 45 degrees.
The advertised price at launch was 2870 Marks, but customers had the option of paying an extra 22 Marks for a shatterproof windscreen.
It possesses a small roof comb that is decorated with a further ten masks.
The bridge was assembled in a quick 10 days.
"It is a good many miles to come, and a good many to go back,
This literary crowd, and its host of German apparitions, is squeezed into a mere three hundred pages, as a kind of export package.
Sheriff's Star, who went on to win both the Coronation Cup and Grand Prix de Saint-Cloud later that summer, was beaten a further six lengths in fourth.
And it was er er too big again for them to b become tied in one place for for a whole six months.
Luton won promotion to League Two with three matches of 2013–14 remaining, and Smith came on as a late substitute four months to the day after his injury in a 1–0 victory over Hyde on the last day of the campaign.
Kristjan Kangur has won the award a record eight times.
And his wife 's name was Teshumai Tewindrow , and that means , ` Lady-who-asks-a-very-many-questions ' ; but we , O Best Beloved , will call her Teshumai , for short .
According to the United States Census Bureau the city has a total area 43.2 square miles.
were usually arranged in a very tight formation several lines deep.
Splitting carries with junior Lionel Gates and sophomore Eric Shelton, Smith averaged a team-best 7.3 yards a carry.
His best game of the season again came versus Cincinnati, as he scored a career-high three touchdowns.
Wright's season highlights included a six-tackle performance in the opener against Montana State, two sacks against Baylor and a personal best three sacks against rival Colorado State.
In 2005, Ilaoa moved to the running back position and rushed for a team-high 643 yards.
However this is a relatively new concept and many more studies will have to investigate the relationship between the CI-MPR and cancer.
Nation and Co. accepted shortly after at a contract price of £77,223 13s for an estimated 18 months work.
He directed Loyola to a school-record 22 wins in 1986, while he led Miami Norland to 29 wins and a No.
After leading the Billikens to a school-record 28 wins, Crews was formally named SLU's 25th head coach on April 12, 2013.
In 2011, he was voted the Vikings' Special Teams MVP by his teammates, after leading the team with a career-best 22 tackles.
He finished the year with a career-high 25 tackles on defense.
Upon Connie's death on August 27, 2013, Sullivan tweeted: "RIP Connie [...] It was a great two years!
The flat (or table) model consists of a single, two-dimensional array of data elements, where all members of a given column are assumed to be similar values, and all members of a row are assumed to be related to one another.
Butler was nationally ranked for a school and league record 19 consecutive weeks.
A little dyestuff and three yards of cloth to help out a jest .
An extra 4 or 5 days are added between the last two months so that the next year also starts on the equinox.
In 2006, the album was re-released in 2006 with a run of an additional 2000 copies with, just like before, the first 1000 numbered by Casey Chaos in his blood.
Although a four-match defeated run away from home followed, a further two goals from Altidore marked Toronto's second victory of the season in a 2–0 win at Orlando City.
An annual 7 days festival begins on 14 April every year.
Queensland identified an initial 19 rivers to be protected as wild rivers and, in September 2005, opted to enact "Australia’s first comprehensive and stand alone legislation to identify, protect and preserve that State’s remaining wild rivers".
In 2007, Queensland declared its first wild rivers within the Gulf of Carpentaria, as well as at Fraser Island, and Hinchinbrook Island and in April 2009 a further three wild river areas have been declared in Cape York Peninsula.
"It'll take 'em a good five minutes to round up and get back here within
There were Five Kings who prepared a sudden war three years ago , when thou wast given the stallion 's pedigree by Mahbub Ali .
ports of South America by a good 5000 miles.
A repeat order was placed in 1916 with deliveries of 963-982, and work had started on a further 20 engines when pressures of World War I led to the firm abandoning the remainder of the D contract extensions.
A full 20 engines (including the newest of the fleet, D 1052) were scrapped in 1929 as newer K and N class locomotives took over branch line goods services and Petrol Electric Rail Motors started to replace mixed trains and locomotive-hauled branch line passenger services.
There are a great many deliverances in due course to consider.
He was now, perhaps, a long hundred yards
With a tiny voice two feet off the ground.
An estimated 41,000 people were temporarily isolated by flooding in New South Wales.
I 'm one of a good few thousands who have never seen Rome except in a picture .
The base continued to grow through the 1970s, the Marrington area, an additional 2,894 acres located between Red Bank Road and Foster Creek, was added to the Station.
After curing for two to three weeks, the salt is removed and the ham aged an additional two weeks.
caught sight of a silvery speck six thousand feet above them, and a
Now the ramparts are partly pulled down and built over , from end to end of the Wall ; making a thin town eighty miles long .
pay over a trifling ten thousand pounds to secure right of way for his
said Dan after a great many other questions . '
But he died a good about erm eight or nine years ago.
has sold over 10,000 copies in DVD sales in Uganda, and pirated copies of the film have sold an estimated 10 times of that amount.
At the end of June 1860, there were an estimated 80,000 people on the run for the violence in Mount Lebanon, many of them went to Damascus.
Other sources even claim that an estimated 20,000 Christians were killed by the Druze in the war.
The Ottoman army was dominated by elite and included an additional 200 cannons, 100 field guns and 8 000 camels.
They went on and on for two days ' march -- that is to say , a long sixty miles -- through the Jungle ; and every step they took , and every wave of their trunks , was known and noted and talked over by Mang and Chil and the Monkey People and all the birds .
Er, Chairman erm, I do believe that this has always been an issue erm  of vested interests and bureaucracy administration but all I want to say to members of the council today as a member of the youth and community advisory committee is that extremely serious er  far reaching decisions are gonna have to be taken because  we were told at the last meeting of that sub committee  that just to stand still because of the changes in legislation regarding transfer of funds to the  er F E funding council, we will lose a further two million pounds next year so even if we  er do not have to  find any cuts within our own budget that money is going out of this authority's budget  it may come back in in commissioning agreements but because of the  different timescale that the funding council works on  we probably won't know that when we come to set our budget  and really the issue for the Labour group I think in particular as councillor  has said, is the question of budgetary control.
and a great many people gladly availed themselves of our thoughtfulness
An additional approximately 600 deaths have been reported due to non-radiological causes such as mandatory evacuations.
This replaced the Executive Committee, which was established following a contentious AGM for the 1972 season in which an exclusive leading division of 12 clubs was set up (with the mirror-image 2nd XI section) that stayed in existence for an overall 27 seasons at the top of the county structure.
said Kotuko , coiling up the lash , `` I have a little one over the lamp that will make a great many howlings .
Now it was a bare six inches : Amoraq carefully pricked down the moss wick , when an unwatched flame brightened for a moment , and the eyes of all the family followed her hand .
The pin wasn't rusted and I took an anti-tetanus injection 2 weeks ago
At some point, he was captured by government officials and incarcerated in a secret location several miles underwater.
Nothing is true fun which makes others uncomfortable , but somehow a great many people seem to forget this .
Formal dedication ceremonies were held on 21 May 1958 in conjunction with a mammoth open house, during which an estimated 30,000 Central Floridians attended.
An archaeological excavation in 1993, in the intersection with Prästgatan and Tullgränd just south of Södra Benickebrinken, unveiled a bricked wall 0,5 metres under the current street.
There were a great many things
On the day of the landfall, an approximate 25,000 homes in southern England were without electricity after electricity pylons were damaged by the storm.
It has a busy and well developed shopping district and several shopping malls.
There are an estimated 86 billion neurons in the average human brain.
So, just a quick 2 minutes on that.
Tyvola was selected for an overpass as a result of its crossing having the highest traffic count of any other along the route with an estimated 45,000 vehicles a day.
Research has developed at a fast pace and many articles find their path to international publications.
Annual intake of dentists into Faculties of Medicine is a national total 160 students.
Post graduate training is available in all 4 universities and lasts an additional 4–6 years.
A dentist may go on for further training in a dental specialty which requires an additional 1 to 7 years of post-doctoral training.
Mathematically, a box formula_44 admits a quantum realization if and only if there exists a pair of Hilbert spaces formula_81, a normalized vector formula_82 and projection operators formula_83 such that
formula_44 admits a field quantum realization if and only if there exists a Hilbert space formula_96, a normalized vector formula_97 and projection operators formula_98 such that
The attack continued for a further two days in the town; however, casualties were light on both sides.
It allowed workers to earn wages for an extra four hours of overtime as well.
Chief Justice William Rehnquist administered the oath of office at 12:01 p.m. An estimated 300,000 people attended the swearing-in ceremony.
It's dangdut music with someone wearing a large lion costume and 4 people carrying it.
It took a great many little birds and little animals to satisfy his appetite .
I 've wondered a good many times since how it happens that he has a white head . ''
Inside these islands are a further seven islands that are Dutch territory.
`` It all happened a long time ago when the world was young , as a great many other things happened , '' began Grandfather Frog .
But he could do a great many things , and he was very smart .
You see , old King Bear did n't care for nuts himself , not the kind with the hard shells , anyway , so he really was n't as generous as he seemed , which is the way with a great many people .
You see , she had so many things to attend to in those days when the world was young that she had to leave a great many things to take care of themselves and get along the best they could , and it was this way with the plants .
Your Royal Highness, Ladies and Gentlemen my name's Rod  I normally masquerade as the Chief Racing Coach for the Royal Yachting Association but I'm not here in that capacity this afternoon but the coordinator rather a grand title for the  Year of Youth Sailing and I've been asked to give you a short ten minutes or so briefing on where we're up to with th this project this year erm I know there are many familiar faces around so I apologize to those of you that may know some of this information already.
well okay well just to wind up, I mean I've been involved in this and people within the R Y A and the office for a good six months now and we fell well down the line, the reality is hardly any courses have started yet and there's hardly any youngsters been on the water.
That I know is the very strong view of my Right Honourable Friend, the Home Secretary and indeed, also amongst a good many members in another place and indeed in Your Lordships House.
All applications will be considered in the first instance by one of six regional short listing panels, each regional panel will consist of a professional recruitment consultant and two people independent of government and I shall select those I wish to appoint as members of police authorities from the short list.
He had felt a great many times that he just could n't help this habit of poking that wobbly little nose of his in where it had no business to be , any more than he could change that funny little bunch of white cotton , which he called a tail , for a really , truly tail .
VIII WHY OLD MAN COYOTE HAS MANY VOICES Of course Old Man Coyote has only one voice , but that one is such a wonderful voice that he can make it sound like a great many voices , all yelping and howling and shouting and laughing at the same time .
I  I'm er quoting a hypothetical situation here that we have entered production with er production line for drop tanks maybe producing two, three thousand tanks against a projected usage for the next ten years and sometime during that period we decide you want to order an additional thousand tanks  two thousand tanks then you could adjust the rate at which the deliveries occur, you could adjust the the the total quantity and with about a years notice industry can get in the materials and produce the goods for you.
We've done a preliminary analysis  now of some of our data from the followup questionnaire  that occurs just three weeks after the second session, and,  remember, the session goes out to a full six months, so this is  preliminary.
She asked him a great many questions , and for each one he had a ready reply .
Here we have a resounding 83% of people saying that they  benefited from it.
In 2019, an estimated 170 million people worldwide are infected with HIV, since 2010, the number of new HIV infections fell by 23%.
But like a great many other busybodies , she wanted to find out all she could about Peter 's affairs , and she thought that the surest way to do it was not to let Peter know that she was about until she had had a chance to use her sharp little eyes all she wanted to .
But like a great many people , Reddy allowed his temper to get the better of his common sense .
A great many little lives are ended this way in every long , hard winter storm .
of water and a further twenty feet of sand and gravel, to the solid
From this point it is a long four miles into Looe, and I can
It really has been an amazing six years, hasn't it?
It really has been an amazing six years, hasn't it?
after a vigorous six months' siege, and when hunger, rather than any
By Fall 2020, drought in the Western U.S. was the worst since a similar drought seven years earlier.
It is an important industrial city and 219,022 people lived here in 2020.
Now a great many people manage to make their neighbors think they are a great deal smarter than they really are , and Chatterer is one of this kind .
it has three chimneys now what a nice house three chimneys in the house wow .
She bought a new 50 inches TV
It's the thing you cannot kill, no matter how many silver bullets the critics stick through its head, the beast just gets bigger, laughs, comes back for more, and it's considered very exciting by a great many young people.
quick-firers began to bark at a pole-like object four hundred yards
seaplane that, hovering a bare five hundred feet above the German
You see , they were like a great many other people , so heedless and thoughtless that they thought it fun to frighten others .
Both and temperatures can be seen on an average 2 or 3 days per year.
He was just thoughtless , like a great many other boys , and girls too .
There's a good many corners hereabouts.
Besides , it seemed to him that Mother Muskrat was altogether foolish about a great many things .
He forgot everything but his own great surprise , and he blinked his eyes a great many times to make sure that he was n't dreaming .
But Billy Mink is like a great many other people ; he dearly loves to have the last word .
It seems to be just that way with a great many people .
An estimated 432 species of mammals live in the United States.
So in the matter of eggs , as in a great many other matters , it all depends on the point of view .
“A good many years, I’m afraid.”
I THE LONE TRAVELER When Mistress Spring starts from way down South to bring joy and gladness to the Green Meadows and the Green Forest , the Laughing Brook and the Smiling Pool , a great many travelers start with her or follow her .
A long time and two arms ago.
You know , a great many people waste time and labor doing things the wrong way , so that they have to be done over again .
Of course , it took a good many days to build so big a dam , and a lot of hard work !
And then I haven't got space now, but here you'd have a millionth, six noughts that'd been a million.
On 9 August, Poland reported an additional 349 migrant arrivals over the weekend.
You see , I have had a good rest and two square meals , and these are things I have n't had since goodness knows when .
`` It was very warm and nice down there , and there were a great many other Ducks spending the winter with us .
Foxes and Hawks and Owls catch a good many young Ducks , just as they do young Rabbits , but you know how we feel about that .
“There seem to be a good many things to be reckoned with,” Craig
The trouble with a great many people is that they remember this too late .
I 've lived a good many years , and I never before heard of such a creature .
It was the, the British Corpus asked us if we would be willing to record the last council meeting, because they wanted to, erm, get dialects and accents and use of words from different parts of the country, and they were so enthralled by our display, they've asked for a further two meetings.
Like a great many other people , he could n't take a joke on himself .
a steel outer case enclosing an inside leaden shell three inches
Ah, I had an extra few pints flowing through my veins.
So er, it only takes you a second to er copy from an adjacent cell but it could take you a minute or two to get that formula working again if it's not copyable, erm, it would probably only takes you an extra few seconds er when you're actually building the formula to make it, copyable in the first place so it's well worth investing a few extra seconds up front to save you maybe a minute or so later on.
Even a very simple formula, a plus and a  will use an additional thirty two bytes  and the longer the formula, more entries in the formula
If I put a two there, I'll have an extra three characters and gives me a full stop and two zeros.
He was responsible for a great many inventions that made life more secure for his people: the manufacture of armor and weapons, the weaving and dyeing of clothes of linen, silk and wool, the building of houses of brick, the mining of jewels and precious metals, the making of perfumes and wine, the art of medicine, the navigation of the waters of the world in sailing ships.
A certain fourteen points for cruci everybody must have that .
We're going to have to close, alas, because it's been very interesting, and er er er a very diverse, ninety six people think animals should have a better deal, seventy seven think that the use of animals in research is justified at ti , from time to time, and well over seventy
He then played a role again by questioning international circles in the presidential elections won by Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi in the second round in March 2018, and sparked an international outcry two months later, accusing the Egyptian regime of El-Sisi of trying to assassinate General Sami Anan after the sudden health collapse, that hit him in his prison in summer 2018.
The beaches contain an estimated 37.7 million items of debris.
He tends to have a very short temper, especially where Eddie's concerned and has threatened him with a clenched fist several times.
After ending June with 254 confirmed cases, the number of confirmed cases had doubled by 13 June, with a further 44 cases confirmed on that day alone.
Some scientists believe that in a mere 20 years we'll have personal fabricators right in our living room.
Yeah it's like with me, I mean of course don't forget that I've got a good two hundred pounds to come  on about the fifth of December from the British Legion's savings.
the range for a good many weeks, but this is the first time I’ve
burros, with an extra hundred pounds on Saturday night.
vitality absorbed during a magical two minutes in Wedgwood Street.
It has an orbital inclination 30.7 degrees.
In FY 2019, online gaming in India was estimated at ₹6,200 crore (US$870 million) market with an estimated 300 million gamers.
In FY 2019, online gaming in India was estimated at ₹6,200 crore market with an estimated 300 million gamers.
Robin Pierson from "The TV Critic" thought that the episode is "A really fun twenty two minutes of television."
groom at her head, had fretted herself a good ten feet away.
The Liberals under Premier Dalton McGuinty won the election with a majority government, winning 71 out of a possible 107 seats with 42.2% of the popular vote.
Dubbed the "Eagle of Asia" for his ability to protect the net, his international career stretched for an illustrious 11 years, a tenure that provided stability and uncanny leadership.
During his Majority Leadership, the Senate passed a record 650 bills.
The Belmont Stakes is an American Grade I stakes Thoroughbred horse race held on the first or second Saturday in June at Belmont Park in Elmont, New York.
It poured out an estimated 42 billion tons or of basalt lava and clouds of poisonous hydrofluoric acid and sulfur dioxide compounds.
It was expected to be completed by 2016 and would benefit an estimated 100,000 commuters daily.
It was expected to be completed by 2016 and would benefit an estimated 100,000 commuters daily.
I couldn't risk a goody-four-shoes like you giving that ticket away to just anybody.
However, the show's popularity meant the BBC resurrected Brittas and brought on a team of new writers, who carried the show on for a further two series, including one further Christmas special in 1996.
My wife had a partial hysterectomy four years ago.
However, an extra twenty minutes of material was filmed for episode six.
If after 90 minutes of normal play the score is a draw, an additional 30-minutes, called extra time, is added.
In 2005 fewer than 1,000 remained on site, with a further 270 redundancies announced in November 2005.
Ive known him a long time 15 years.
They had a whole twenty-four hours before them, for the
In 1983, the vote was finally held regarding the merger, with a unanimous 151 presbyteries in the UPCUSA affirming it, and the PCUS affirming it 53 to 8.
We have an operational plan and more people looking for her.
We get 150-- let me move back to a nice color-- minus 2 times this expression.
He won Bangladesh National Film Award for Best Cinematography a record five times for the movies "Sundori" (1979), "Emiler Goenda Bahini" (1980), "Puraskar" (1983), "Anya Jibon" (1995) and "Lalsalu" (2003).
KORAN is a sacred design and few rugs with it ever leave Persia.
It is estimated that a further 7,000 people were injured or suffered long-term illness.
and a good many critics and Ã¦stheticians, on the other hand, have very
Jean, we'll go down to where's the fifty P shop or something and buy some of those do, er cornflakes' plates or something, say they're gonna fill those other ones up that the man give us a mere seven, eight ones, only leaves us four ordinary, you see I know for a fact that Sally say he was caught
An estimated two hundred thousand birds, eighty percent of the country's pelican population, have made an unusual detour in their migration, stopping at Lake Eyre in south Australia.
It's the biggest step forward in astronomy since Galileo first used a crude telescope four hundred years ago.
Yet the United States subsidises Israel to the tune of four billion dollars a year, and Congress recently voted an extra four hundred million dollars in aid, to help settle the influx of Soviet Jews.
Boris Yeltsin, a political outcast two years ago, was swept back into high political office; a unique and turbulent political career, capped now with the presidency of the powerful Russian Republic.
Resistance agents killed an estimated 400 Danish Nazis, informers and collaborators until 1944.
It was founded in 1926 and has won two CEV Cups, a record 30 Greek Volley League Championships, a record 16 Greek Cups, 2 Greek Super Cups, a record 6 Greek League Cups and a record 14 Doubles.
I think the question which is critical to us is how would an additional ten hectares in Richmondshire harm the strategic objectives of the County Council?
Are you saying it is impossible for Richmondshire to find an additional ten hectares?
Clearly that would require a further erm sixteen hectares to be found compared to the hundred and forty five because the hundred and forty five did include an allowance for flexibility in the first place?
Shi has been imprisoned as a political prisoner three times and sentenced to life imprisonment twice.
Erm I I know it was in the context of a a question you posed to him that er if he had in fact er accepted the County Council's housing figures er that would have been an appropriate hundred and twenty two hectares would have been appropriate er on the employment side.
Nova Scotia is the seventh most populous province in Canada with an estimated 957,600 residents as of 2017.
that particular group got an additional five hundred pounds as a prize for selling the the most tickets.
Seven more stores have been completely refitted and a further eighty four thousand square feet of surplus space has been sub-leased to other retailers increasing our rental income by another half a million pounds.
Well it's a both a fortunate and unfortunate circumstance as a result of the by-out a sorry  as a result of the floatation we cut a great many costs which reduced our taxable profits but at the same time we did actually pay some divides and we've also pay some dividends here in last year anyway.
Two and the an extra one two twelfths and an extra one twelfth how many twelfths would we have altogether?
Direct proportionality, if I'm driving at a steady sixty miles an hour, how far would I go in erm one hour?
How far would I go in ten hours, if I'm going at a steady sixty miles an hour?
At a steady sixty miles an hour.
It has four horizontal stripes of yellow, white, red, and blue, with a green chevron based on the hoist side charged with a white crescent and four five-pointed stars.
I was wondering nearing or during the collapse well medications for illness become very unavailable how can I add I'm charge making things L what happened as a sign Israel what you think should happen is Andrea to most people her I never expectations not the real world whatever happens in the real world israel what you think should happen his fantasy will people living in the biggest project society be considered as kept citizens humbled and gold in other words will people be denied the challenges life to the guaranteed existence still car rather than thrill a fulfillment all I can say that question is that we have been signs those more here said our experiments one varying ideas and any others since the by advocates a scientific method i've only people rechecking all I'm things never even entertain West the scientific world offers a great many more variables on have a rather just advises extensions and human attributes and any other system I know especially when things are made available to people to be able to
Thus undergraduate studies + the Mines Programme account for more than a cumulated 300 ECTS credits as applicable in the European education system.
In Bahrain, an estimated 100,000 people marched Friday in the country's largest pro-democracy protest to date.
Dan Baxter was a good five hundred feet ahead of them.
Look,it's been a hard couple days for me.
In fact,it's been a hard couple years.
The national anthem had went through a total 5 edits with its title and lyrics.
Look, it's been a hard couple days for me.
In fact, it's been a hard couple years.
Look, it's been a hard couple days for me.
In fact, it's been a hard couple years.
Eventually more than 900 soldiers from a half-dozen tribes joined the siege.
John said a good hundred miles.
might save a good many lives and be a great relief to the rest of the
They agreed to make an estimated 30 movies over a five-year period from DreamWorks and release them under the Touchstone Pictures name.
An estimated 30 million people were unemployed worldwide by 1932.
interest a great many people outside our parish; and if it is to be
Yeah, it's been a pretty wacky last four years, huh?
It took me an extra 30 minutes to get ready this morning.
I would imagine that Shereen would apply the same kind of pattern as you did to the de-toxification centre meeting, Shereen, and I felt that there were a great many people there, a great many interested, including the voluntary interest.
Just be very brief, chair, erm could I ask that we have a report before council on this, and I know it will be an extra two hours on the poor council debate, but I think this is so important, and it does affect the planet for hundreds of years to come, and I think if we can't have a discussion on this in full council, well, it's the most important thing we've had for years probably, and I think we should have a discussion before council sit.
I mean my boy had a er a terrible accident ten years ago and smashed all his face  all his teeth were   when we first saw his face he'd got no teeth left  but it's  got them all back.
When a mere three years ago, she had five black cocks stuffed up in that freakin' thing.
bachelor for a good ten years more."
Did Paul get an extra two bucks?
The city remained Ottoman for a further three centuries, until in 1802 it was retaken by Saudi revolt, who were in alliance with the House of Saud.
A great many theories have been put forward by psychologists and others to
Do you read the review for a mere 8 dollars?
that a great many writers and thinkers, including some of the highest
There are an estimated 4 to 5 million people living in the metropolitan area.
I thought I would go and take one of the head ones and journey along down to that place and so, you know, is there any chance you slipping me down a good four long ones and if he says no, think again?
An 8-hour shift, and I got a whole 50 cents in tips.
In equatorial Africa, modern humans evolved this trait an estimated one million years ago.
The song is in the key of Ab major, the time signature is common time, and the tempo is a moderate 84 beats per minute.
Below you see a vertical diameter and two rings.
was an over-bearing man with a good many unpleasant traits.
Carbol played most his ice hockey career with the St. Louis Flyers of the American Hockey Association and the American Hockey League with a combined 12 seasons.
There were a great many things
Even in his first season riding in Britain, McCoy won the Conditional Jump Jockeys Title with a record 74 winners for a conditional jockey.
I had a fair few stormy conversations with my wife about the matter, about my job, on the limits of the model.
Unfortunately, she was exhibited with Commodore Nutt, another little person several years her junior.
Michal Grošek (born June 1, 1975 in Vyškov, Czechoslovakia) is a retired Czech professional ice hockey player that played a combined 11 seasons in the NHL.
Today, the palace, as part one of the world's most famous museums, attracts an annual 3.5 million visitors.
After a painful three months, Marie Antoinette had a smile that was "very beautiful and straight".
An additional 3 volumes catalogue just his bibliography.
A long two miles separated the Glen station from the forge; a good half
gonna be a good two days
This remains a great mystery and many people have different stories as to what really happened.
A try is worth 4 points and if its converted (the goal kicker kicks the ball in between the top of the goal post), the team gets an extra 2 points.
The original intenent was that each pilgrim was to tell two tales to Canterbury and two on the way back for a free meal; that would have been an estimated 120 tales-instead of the 23 in the book.
An estimated 800 mourners were in attendance of the procession.
Or else if you're driving up to Stranraer it's a, it's a good three and half hours' drive plus your petrol.
John Gottselig (24 June 1906 - 15 May 1986) was a professional ice hockey centre that played a combined 16 seasons with the Chicago Black Hawks of the NHL.
In 1996 he won election to the U.S. Senate by an unexpected 15 points.
And those people that take or get extra, either their body is not producing or they want an extra bit for something so they can run a hundred yards at er in an extra five minutes.
It was then upgraded to a tropical storm six hours later.
And we have had a good many walks and talks
Well a a at least four times a week?
In the 1995–96 season, Stenhousemuir won the Scottish Challenge Cup, defeating Dundee United 5–4 on penalties after a goalless 90 minutes and extra time.
Heidfeld then secured the team's first podium of the year in Malaysia, but after 6 races BMW Sauber had collected a mere 6 points, and occupied 8th place in the Constructors' Championship out of 10 teams.
It would surprise a good many people to learn of the
too, for the issue of an official statement two or three times a week.
You've 45 seconds to complete each hive and score a maximum five points.
Very well done for a full ten points.
You have 45 seconds to complete each hive and score a maximum five points.
as two thousand pounds for a genuine corpse and five pounds a week
It goes a steady eighty miles an hour right.
A steady eighty miles an hour and where it was at these times.
An extra 30 seconds, maybe.
An extra 30 seconds.
You have 45 seconds to complete each hive and score a maximum five points.
Charlottesville Albemarle Airport is a public airport 8 miles (12 km) north of Charlottesville, in Albemarle County, Virginia, USA.
A record 22 people stood for election.
Dan and Kathy, the hole remains a tiny 27 inches wide from 181 feet all the way to the bottom.
AC/DC has sold an estimated 200 million albums worldwide, including 68 million in the United States of America.
Austin, Texas is the summer home to North America's largest urban bat colony (under the Congress Avenue bridge), an estimated 1,500,000 Mexican free-tailed bats, who eat an estimated 10 to 30 tons of insects each night, and attract 100,000 tourists each year.
In 2016, an estimated 125 million opioid pills were sold in San Diego County, which equates to nearly 38 pills per person.
But, overall, I'd say you've had an outstanding few months.
The band have also won ITV's Record of the Year competition on a record four occasions, with "Flying Without Wings", "My Love", "Mandy" and "You Raise Me Up".
yeah i guess it's worth an extra few minutes .
In September 1979, Springsteen and the E Street Band joined the Musicians United for Safe Energy (MUSE) anti-nuclear power collective at Madison Square Garden for two nights, playing an short set and two songs from his next album.
In 86 years, the KKK killed an estimated 3,446 black people.
However, Modern Hebrew is quite different from Biblical Hebrew, with a simpler grammar and many loanwords from other languages, especially English.
It is quite possible clearly that that number could be reduced, during the consultation process on the on the local plan, I think that's an important point because of the issue of windfall that was mentioned by Mr Davis, and was raised yesterday, reference to historic trends in the city of York do show that erm we have exceeded structure plan targets by substantial amounts, I think the figure is is forty percent or or more, er the County Council could confirm that, slightly difficult calculation to do because I'm sure you'll be aware that to our eternal shame, the City Council has not to date adopted a formal local plan, with reference erm to your question on day one er as to whether or not we might calculate contribution of windfalls in the past, we have looked at the nineteen eighty seven residential land availability er study, which was agreed with the house builders, adjacent districts, and of course the County, and in the five year period of that study, by comparison with the sites that we agreed in the study, an additional four hundred and thirty dwellings came forward and were completed on sites that had not been identified in the study, now I'd I would say very clearly that that level of windfalls erm would not continue in the future and it could not be a reliable basis for erm looking at windfall contributions in the city in the future, clearly the supply of development land in the city is a is a finite resource, er given given the constraints that are current holding, and although some additional windfalls to the two hundred I'd suggested in my H One  may come forward, on the other hand I suspect some of the sites suggested in the draft local plan could fall out of the equation.
His writings fill a staggering 27 volumes.
Well it's never been serviced since the day we bought it and that must be a good ten years ago.
the wrinkles of the stomach, so I should think it's a good seven inches.
However, is a very distinct and full language itself with a long history and many different dialects.
Pretty good  this week  but had a bad few weeks as well so  not setting the world alight  yet.
Hmm, a full two minutes longer.
Now, Quagmire's video got, like, a half million views and I don't know why.
A third and third three twelfths and a fourth.
A hard one nine twelfths .
A right angle ninety degrees.
So that's, like, a full seven days.
prohibitive in cost for a nation with a great many miles of border to
point on which a great many people differ.
Owens (and star QB Tony Romo) enjoyed a good three years.
been time for a great many things to have happened.
So I'm going to build this up a little bit, and do a little bit more sophisticated problems.
A cylindrical bar magnet three-quarters of an inch in
All this splendid work had occupied but a brief ten days.
The indictment was filed on November 15, 1947; the hearings lasted from January 6, 1948 until November 18 that year, and then the judges took a whole five months to compile their 833-page judgment, which they presented on April 11, 1949.
Winton is a small town nine kilometres north east of Benalla, Victoria.
Bernie Ecclestone wanted to see the calendar increase to a record 20 rounds, the maximum he feels is viable.
However, a provisional calendar was announced in June 2011, with a record 21 races.
A great many Australian plants are fertilised by honeyeaters, particularly the Proteaceae, Myrtaceae, and Epacridaceae.
An estimated 500 million people live near active volcanoes.
hero bears a great many different names, but the earliest accepted form
After the World War II its economical importance was relatively less because Tokyo grew as an international city and many companies moved their headquarters to Tokyo.
It was a square, ten miles (16 km) long on each side, and split by the Potomac River, which separated the two states.
When a player makes a shot, he or she scores 2 points and is then awarded a chance to score an additional 3 points by attempting a series of free-throws.
That obviously entails er a a great deal more overhead in terms of distribution.
Rotten Tomatoes says that 98% of critical reviews were positive (53 out of a total 55 reviews) with an average rating of 3.9/5, stating, "One of the silent era's most influential masterpieces, Nosferatu's eerie, gothic feel -- and a chilling performance from Max Schreck as the vampire -- set the template for the horror films that followed."
Since 1980, each voter names three rookies: a first-place choice is given five points, a second-place choice three points, and a third-place choice one point.
A good many Irish members of the _beau monde_ appear
A good many Irish novels are
By 1956, Leif Erikson Day was an official holiday seven states (Wisconsin, Minnesota, South Dakota, Illinois, Colorado, Washington, and California) and one Canadian province (Saskatchewan).
A great many American publishers bring out books on Irish subjects: few
Ugh, Tina, you're such a goody two boobs.
Tourists, who can also use the regular bus lines from the district town, offering a pleasant rest and two restaurants on the square of Ratiborske Hory.
It's been a rough couple days.
A good many specimens of his work in this vein
Oh yeah we've got a good few mushrooms there.
Throughout Okinawa, Kompasu brought strong winds and heavy rains, leaving an estimated 32,000 residences without power.
And sleep in the tomb for a full three days dead,
A story or picture with two or more different meanings – a literal meaning and one or more symbolic meanings.
Leaks of the little-known gas in the UK and the rest of the EU in 2017 were the equivalent of putting an extra 1.3 million cars on the road".
appointment, but after all they had seen the sun a good many times
see it a good many times again, and there was no sense in getting
But er  but a mere twenty pe pence!
has only given us a bare four miles.'
about 130 miles to cover to their next depôt, a full three weeks'
An estimated 80,000 spectators came to the first Indianapolis 500 Mile Race on Memorial Day May 30, 1911.
In each issue, a provocatively posed "Playmate of the Month" was featured in a pictorial several pages in length at the center of the magazine with an accompanying "centerfold" photograph.
There are an estimated 1,000,000 species, although only about 150,000 species have been described.
As an archipelago of 33 islands, Bahrain does not share a land border with any other country, but it does have a 161 km coast line and claims a further 12 nm of territorial sea and a 24 nm contiguous zone.
In Pajussara beach, a nice place to go is a natural swimming pool 1.500 meters east of the coast and that is placed on a sand bank of the Atlantic Ocean.
Hugo began planning a major novel about social misery and injustice as early as the 1830s, but it would take a full 17 years for "Les Misérables", to be realized and finally published in 1862.
The Belgian publishing house Lacroix and Verboeckhoven undertook a marketing campaign unusual for the time, issuing press releases about the work a full six months before the launch.
"There are a great many branches of education.
But if you do find an area where you could save a key person several hours a day, then that is real money saved where he could be using his special expertise in his business to get more business, and then one would have to look more closely at erm the particular application, particular jobs that he's doing and that could be put on the computer.
A half dozen natives arose from the floor, sudden fear in their faces
Yes, I was the youngest ever Mayor of Lewes by a clear ten years.
dashed a half dozen savage natives armed with bolos.
The album was unusually long, with 19 songs on a regular edition and 20 songs on a special edition.
The idea of the Holy Spirit in Christianity, for example, is a universal and shared spirit many souls are part of, and which is expressed on Earth in that faith by "the Church" meaning "the body of Christ" meaning "all bodies that follow Jesus."
“There are a great many chances for failure,” the general said
a great many times, but always when it was hot."
journey, and there will be a great many dangers to guard against."
Between the 15th and 20th centuries (a period of 500 years), the Atlantic slave trade took an estimated 7–12 million slaves to the Americas.
Since the conflict began, it has killed an estimated 5.5 million people.
Children also have the opportunity to be part of a voluntary pre-school at an early age 3–6 years.
When I was young I had to undergo a great many difficulties ...
It's not an exact ten minutes, it's not an exact six hundred seconds, but what it is, is round about that period of time, after about ten minutes, what you do is you switch off and you go and do something else.
They adopted an African-American boy three years ago.
I mean whatever x is, on the left-hand side it's going to be 2 times--pick a random number--2 times xŁŹit could be 2.5.
Lewicki started skating at age five, first with bob skates, then a used pair three sizes too large.
Richard lived for a further eight years, while Ronald worked as a teacher and farmer.
It has an extra twelve tracks.
In 1977–78, he recorded a career-high 17 goals for the club.
In 2017, it resulted in an estimated 8,500 infections in hospital patients and 700 deaths in the United States.The World Health Organisation (WHO) released a list of top bacteria pathogens of concern, called ESKAPE pathogens, due to their high levels of antibiotic resistance.
That still makes a good thirty years.
In addition Mrs  scheme at page forty three provides for a further twenty eight hours a week to be provided in some other way, that it is suggested is parental care, but it seems to me that it would either be parental care or hired care.
to say that in fairness to them, so what we would respectfully submit is that your Lordship  having assessed the damages and erm, together with interest other than court of protection costs that the figure which we had mentioned and, and adjourn the matter for consideration of a structured settlement erm and that's the first figure erm, that, the, the second thing, is that there is money in court er we would ask for a direction of the balance of the money, the balance over and above the money in court which is an extra three hundred and six thousand, three hundred and forty pounds at the present stage be brought into court within a reasonable time which we would note is fourteen days, maybe the defendant would ask longer, we haven't discussed it.
And then I poured some water on it, and it's lasted a further two weeks.
We deal with allocation erm, spatial allocation of resources, which geographers are interested in, and of course we have erm particularly in the nineteen sixties and seventies, when planners were being very actively recruited, we erm did see a great many geographers go into planning, both at national level and, indeed, also in local offices, so you'll find many geographers there.
A deserted valley ten miles away.
He's a good two to three decades older than our profile.
It's a good 10 years older than our other victims.
It was not Moore's day as Mosconi posted a career highlight; a perfect match—150 balls in a row in one inning.
By entering the code "SwagWittz" you'll get an extra 70 SwagBucks to start.
We're talking a good 10 years ago.
Around the world in 2006, an estimated 509 million songs were purchased online.
the heaviest block at Pumapunku is one hundred and thirty tons and most of the stones are much smaller than that so he's off by a whopping six hundred and seventy tons unfortunately we will come to expect this kind of thing from Von Daniken as we progress
lunch it does not exist at houma cancun because they are we have mega lipstick structures which just lying about this entire site as if ripped apart by by some sort of a great followers i propose that logic still exists at permaplans and at the scattered state of the complex can easily be explained quoting from archaeologists alexi greenwich quote the high quality of the stones made it attractive building material for houses churches plazas even railways in other words the stones were pulled down and hauled off by locals for building material we have the four hundred year old writings of a visitor to provable group who said that the looting was in full swing even back then he wrote that at this site was closer to town he didn't think they would have been any stones left at all incheon alien says that puma prove who is seventeen thousand years old this is what brand instead of this claim the idea that he would not do is fourteen thousand years old is based on a rather faulty study done in nineteen twenty six since then there's been a huge quantity of work both on the archaeology and the geology of the area and all data indicates that he would not do exist in from around haiti three hundred to five hundred for more information on the faulty study he's referring to here i will quote it link from jason caller veto who has been developing ancient astronaut theories for years in his books and books he said the following about this claim to knock it is not seventeen thousand years old this state derives from the work of arthur pas minsky who tried to apply are keyless trying to be to the site but did so in ways that modern scholars do not recognize as legitimate buczynski propose a date of fifteen thousand bp before president i def thirteen thousand bc e which the geniuses on ancient aliens mis read as fifteen thousand bc adding an extra two thousand years onto parchment skis already flood dates here's what he did wrong buczynski assumed but the kala societe ability would not do was laid out with perfect accuracy to line to the equ knox is and solstice is that he felt but could not prove were important to the do you not to people that's on a certain day the sun was supposed to rise above one rock at the temple and set behind another uh... but which ruptured which is since the current ruins do not aligned with the celestial events accurately he concluded that the ruins must have been built at a time when they would have aligned with that event since the sundance kaya change positions and a predictable rate due to the gradual
In 2000 there were an estimated 5,205 households, and 3,659 families living in the county.
As of the 2020 census, 262,527 people lived here, with an estimated 251,974 people lived here in 2019.
Consider, suppose we have a set with a little bigger, five members to the set.
It weighs an estimated 23 tons, has a waistline of 33 feet (10m), and is about 800–1000 years old.
Uruk was a walled city with an extensive canal system and several monumental temples, called ziggurats.
The site had a clever water drainage system and many stone sculptures.
DirecTV believes the move will make the channel available to an additional 8 million subscribers.
Comcast believes an additional 8 million customers will now have access to the channel.
“I passed by there; there were a good many tourists, crowds of young
Doses ranged from 210 to a whopping 800 micrograms.
We're recruiting 10 people in a single-group design, and they received 2 psilocybin sessions in the context of 12 weeks of psychosocial treatment, and then we follow them out for an additional 6 months, so 9 months total.
Raymond Ceulemans from Belgium has won an unmatchable 21 three-cushion billiards world-championships.
Benois gave Petroushka a full-length body and two companions, The Ballerina and The Moor.
A new 1000 yuan note was made in 1944.
All right, they found a little few things.
They worshiped a great many gods.
"'You've got a big house and four rooms,' the Danes said, and 'There are
she died of a sudden illness twenty years ago during winter.
Get an extra two years for missing.
When the extension Victoria line to Brixton opened in July 1971, a further 72 cars of 1967 tube stock were ordered, which made up 9 trains.
The trains have seats for 252 people and standing space for an estimated 1196 passengers.
everything you've ever wanted is standing right in front of you i really need to get back to work hey just tell you what christmas is in seven days let's make a merry one promises just think about it
Around this time, production was shifted to the concentration camp of where an estimated 20,000 prisoners died producing V-1s and V-2s.
An additional seven trains an hour would have served the High Barnet branch, but continued via Highgate High-Level and Finsbury Park to Moorgate, a slightly shorter route to the City.
I used a great many gestures and
It'll cost Virgin an estimated five million pounds a year to lease each new plane, with six on order
Indeed, a great many things needed to be done for and by
a good many boys have become so proficient that they have been
There were a great, many round ones, and they rolled very fast.
It could do with an awful lot more trees all over it.
Newark-on-Trent is a small market town 14 miles north of Nottingham, in the East Midlands of England.
[Sabine] There's a dignitary shuttle and two protocol droids on the platform.
You'll need come a good few times and give it three four six months.
Pensacola is the principal city of the Pensacola Metropolitan Area, which had an estimated 502,629 residents .
Better fifty minutes' racing than a dawdling five hours' ride.
On the cricket pitch, a bare hundred yards away from the river bank, is
This last is an old-world hamlet eight miles from a railway,
A short two miles to the north of Tisbury, in a lovely district of
An estimated 1,000 official entries per year came from the governorates of Damascus and Aleppo, which are governorates in modern-day Syria, in the period between 1900 and 1916.
It has a fine west tower and several points of interest.
are enclosed in a circular earthwork 300 feet across.
trackway, and brings us in a short four miles to Burghclere, where
neighbouring Walbury Hill Camp of an additional five feet by these
Only about a dozen planets have been confirmed in the habitable zone, but the Kepler spacecraft has identified a further 54 candidates.
Mokujin started to move all of a sudden two years ago, but ceased moving after Ogre was defeated by Jin Kazama.
In 1961, he received an extra ten years where he had to stay in his home all the time for the murder of ten German Communists in the early 1930s.
Bicester Rugby Club were in the semi-finals of the Provincial Insurance Cup following an excellent hard four weeks, to go to Gloucester opponents, Hucklecote Old Boys at  this afternoon.
An extra 500,000 people enter the city during a weekday.
Ron Atkinson's Sheffield Wednesday received a nasty shock away to Cambridge United in their fifth round tie, United going in front after eighteen minutes through Dublin, and Wednesday were to receive another rude shock seven minutes after the break when Philpot made it two nil.
This allowed the Egyptian army to dig deeper into Sinai, around 12 km, an extra 2 km to the original 10 km plan.
There are a great many mathematical objects for which proofs by mathematical induction works.
After Wickboro became part of Kittanning, an estimated 10,000 people lived in Kittanning in 1914.
A further 1,300,000 people said they were interested in the event, scheduled for 20 September 2019, and billed as "Storm Area 51, They Can't Stop All of Us", an attempt to "see them aliens."
A great many people disagree with Erasmus Montanus when he claims the Earth is round, since all the peasants believe it is flat.
The most important monuments in the commune are a 13th-century chapel and two private castles from the 15th and 16th centuries.
It had an earlier time slot and nine new episodes.
The trial judge said the murder charges made against him were not true and sentenced him to one year in prison, with a further three and a half years suspended.
Starr had ridden a good many miles out of his way and had argued for a
A great many dogs are so trained, and are therefore in no wise to
In 1820 Viareggio was officially proclaimed city.Carlo Ludovico di Borbone helped the city, building a new church, a royal casino and two beach resorts, the first ones to be built in Viareggio.
He sweated there in the glass cage for a long ten minutes before he had
it expects them to lose a staggering twenty million pounds in the first year.
And could the shop team keep shops open an extra seven and half hours in the best trading week for example?
An agonising first nine years of life, this was a little boy who had seen things that little boys and little girls should never see.
I shall cover our response to the needs of the voluntary sector, of Eastern Europe, of Africa and I shall say a particular few words about the needs of children, the subject which is of course at the very heart of your work.
Village life in this case, is being transformed at the cost of a mere fifteen pounds per villager.
However, there was another great battle two years later, but Henry VII stopped a rebellion and brought peace to the country.
Mm had a wonderful three years .
with 10,000 identified, and there is an estimated 80,000 total species of millipede on Earth.
But some historians think that England only became a Protestant nation on a popular level many years later.
Britain abandoned a similar project eleven years ago.
Fine China  we had a very poor first four months  but then in May world sales were nine point nine percent ahead of last year  and in the U S A over the last ten weeks we've actually been ahead of nineteen ninety.
He lives at the far end of the parish--a good seven miles
I think that the  riders for health project has  given us  ah a model that can be used in a great many other situations and we've found here in Lesotho that many other ministries and government departments are interested in what we're doing because the motorcycles, if used properly, can provide a very cost effective form of transport.
Our target is to raise, in cash and in pledges, an additional twenty five million pounds over and above our normal fundraising.
So where do we start with the mammoth task of raising an additional twenty five million pounds?
Nobody would pretend  that raising an additional twenty five million pounds is going to be easy but time and again you have risen to the challenge.
An estimated 151,000 to 600,000 or more Iraqis were killed in the first 3–4 years of conflict.
By an overwhelming 283 votes for to 16 against, the motion for the Slave Trade Act to abolish the Atlantic slave trade was carried in the House of Commons.
We are going to be asking our members to pay a further ten pence a week to maintain front-line services, but they feel they are not getting any.
Sixty five thousand training jobs cut, making a grand total one million nine hundred and seventy eight thousand jobs lost.
Er that is that at least three of the articles are talking to quoting different organisations er suggested that the playhouse theatre trust had been recommended to do something about their marketing er a at least two years ago if not longer ago erm certainly it's my knowledge er they have not employed specialists to that they have not employed a specialist to that indeed since the last er appointed publicity officer left, that person that post has not been er refilled er could I ask the theatre trust why they have chosen not taken that recommendation seriously?
We have a tiny 9 feet, a white paper backdrop.
According to the Center for the Study of Global Christianity (CSGC), there are an estimated 450 million Independents world-wide, as of mid-2019.
For an extra two hours' shift,well I suppose we can just afford it, can we?
again after a jolly six weeks.
For the extra precision possible on a hard surface many painters continued to use wooden panels, some time after the rest of Western Europe had abandoned them; some used copper plates, usually recycling plates from printmaking.
There are 100 possible base points distributed across five major credit categories: Sustainable Sites, Water Efficiency, Energy and Atmosphere, Materials and Resources, Indoor Environmental Quality, plus an additional six points for Innovation in Design and an additional four points for Regional Priority.
The Dells area has an estimated five million annual visitors.
Therefore they had at least a clear five days of peace before them.
He had an older sister and four brothers.
In more than an estimated 2,200 races, Trickle logged one million laps and is believed to have won over 1,200 feature races.
Thus undergraduate studies + the Centralien Programme account for more than a cumulated 300 ECTS credits as applicable in the European education system.
A stereotype is a mistaken idea or belief many people have about a thing or group that is based upon how they look on the outside, which may be untrue or only partly true.
As an example, the probability distribution for a single roll of a normal 6-sided dice can be presented by:
Forbes Taylor Kennedy (born August 18, 1935 in Dorchester, New Brunswick) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey centre that played a combined 12 seasons in the NHL.
Richard Frank "Dick" Gamble (November 16, 1928 in Moncton, New Brunswick – March 22, 2018 in Pittsford, New York) was a Canadian retired NHL ice hockey left winger that played a combined 9 seasons in the NHL.
They have a long, thin, tail a further 20–24 cm in length.
Mm we expected to perform in a professional way, particularly after incidents like last week when we had an horrendous twenty four hours and we don't get paid for it
(Pilot) "When you are talking about stick inputs as much of a 16ths of an inch, when you are doing 400mph, a mere 18 inches from the guy next to you...it actually has huge ramifications.
A double limber and six mules went by,
An estimated 1 million Filipinos had been killed, a large portion during the final months of the war, and Manila had been extensively damaged.
hatchet and a half dozen sharpened sticks for markers and a boy for rod
At 18, she married Daniel Parke Custis, a wealthy tobacco planter 20 years older than her.
We'd save a nice few quid then, wouldn't we?
In the upper left corner, a white crescent moon and five white stars form a circle.
down read a short story or several chapters of a story like "Dr.
The standard of living declined, and a great many people were unemployed.
The Municipal Secretariat of the Environment maintains a botanical garden and three green houses for the annual production of 150,000 seedlings of native and exotic tree species, 16,000 seedlings of fruit trees, 260,000 seedlings of flowers, foliage and underbrush, on top of the total maintenance of 350,000 seedlings.
An English quartermaster and four Lascars had been licked from off the
Columns can be either a single piece or several pieces put together.
because it'd give Mike an extra few days anyway, could actually have
His portable computer weighed 11 kg (24 pounds) and had a five-inch (13 cm) screen, a serial port and two floppy disk drives.
An estimated 70 billion servings were sold in 2004.
buy an extra five square yards
During an attack, Private Nakamine’s platoon became pinned down by intense machine gun crossfire from a small knoll 200 yards to the front.
The King family later moved to a large yellow brick house three blocks away.
The Royal Engineers Search Team (REST) had detected a further four VOIEDs in the immediate area and stoically, like he has on over 80 other occasions in the last five months, he set about disposing of them too.Dealing with any form of IED is dangerous; to deal with seven VOIEDs linked in a single circuit, in a mass casualty scenario, using manual neutralisation techniques once, never mind three times, is the single most outstanding act of explosive ordnance disposal ever recorded in Afghanistan.That he did it without the security of specialist protective clothing serves even more to demonstrate his outstanding gallantry.
A further three songs were leaked online in the corresponding days.
It had a pressurized cabin and two decks.
wrapping was removed and revealed a shattered knee and two toes dangling
SpaceX filed with the US regulatory authorities plans to field a constellation of an additional 7,518 satellites in non-geosynchronous orbits to provide communications services" in an Called the "V-band low-Earth-orbit (VLEO) constellation", it would consist of "7,518 satellites to follow the [earlier] proposed 4,425 satellites that would function in Ka-band and Ku-band".
In 2015, NASA extended the Phase 1 contracts by ordering an additional three resupply flights from SpaceX.
We should get a good 10,000 years' warning of this, so could plan for the event in some detail.
We 'ad 'im a good six months, ain't we?
A little further on two soldiers were scraping the soil with sticks.
Three people were killed and an estimated 264 people were injured.
There are other wolf spiders that get a little larger than "Hogna carolinensis", one of which is found in the Canary Islands, "Allohogna singoriensis," which reaches a full 40mm.
Or, in another case we might say, "Captain Jones's ship can be found by drawing a line from Plymouth Rock to the Blarney Stone, finding a point 700 miles along this line from Plymouth Rock, taking a left turn of 90° upon reaching this point from Plymouth Rock, and then traveling an additional 90 miles.
The mountain forms part of the Three Peaks Challenge and attracts an estimated 100,000 climbers per year,
To date, an estimated 438,000 species of plants of economic and social interest have been registered in the region with many more remaining to be discovered or cataloged.
It also has a flag with a red background and 3 armoured legs joined together - "whichever way you throw us, we always land on our feet".
Another funicular, called the Gurtenbahn, goes from the section of Bern called Wabern, which is on the river Aare, up to the top of Gurten, a large hill 585 meters high that is just south of Bern.
I've arranged for a private home five miles outside Ma'an.
It was furnished with a long table and two benches
An estimated 180 million people are followers of Sikhism, which then makes it the fifth largest organized religion in the world just after Christianity, Islam, Hinduism and Buddhism A popular place where this religion is practiced is in South Asia.
He played a combined 14 seasons in the NHL.
The Mayor's decided to grant us an extra 75,000 kroner.
I played on  there a good many times.
Other Western Desert Language dialects have different words with a similar meaning and many uses.
Over here, apart from your sick leave, there is a specially sanctioned 2 months leave.
On 27 October 1999, Aardman and DreamWorks signed a $250 million deal to make an additional four films that were estimated to be completed during the next 12 years.
longer the persecution of a good many enemies which he had made on
An extra 50,000 men in the shape of a new army corps is one thing.
reinforced by a good many units which are much less vulnerable to
a half-dozen pains they may show some signs of regularity; but they
In Germany, it is said, that a great many damage suits against
it, but as he saw her now, a scant two weeks after the incident of the
An estimated 100,000 lives were lost.
We're talking a good 10 years ago.
Stroud has a potential seventy thousand patients in its catchment area.
The National Heritage Memorial Fund say they're prepared to match his gift with a further two million pounds on the understanding that a public appeal be launched to raise a similar sum.
The new house, which uses the original frontage, seats 1,750 and is elliptical in shape with a large orchestra level and 37 boxes.
They have won the World Cup a record four times in total; 1987 Cricket World Cup, 1999 Cricket World Cup, 2003 Cricket World Cup and 2007 Cricket World Cup.
So I think it fair to say that by any conventional measure a mere seven years after my graduation day
He first started thinking about this in 1838, but it took a full twenty years before his ideas became public.
At one point, more than half of the FBI's agents worked on the investigation and followed a half-million leads.
A German police officer and 5 terrorists also died.
i see can you have a little more lentils please .
"The research team... extracted their RNA and, using next-generation sequencing, deciphered the sequence of a staggering six trillion letters present in the invertebrate RNA libraries".
The Sun was "a red-hot mass many times larger than the Peloponnese".
If there's  a half team one people, one person counting  one on a break and two interviewing.
I know but an extra four people's not gonna cost that much more is it?
The floods were so intense that they could fill up the gorge, which is an impressive 32 meters tall, up to the top.
them, even if it takes them an extra ten minutes at the close of the
It was kind of hard times right then and a good many men was out of
"I been living here a great many years."
There was a good many Swedes up in his ward, and plenty of
An estimated 270 million kilograms of aldrin and related cyclodiene pesticides were produced between 1946 and 1976.
As such, the new queen would have a further seven children including Ferdinand's own successor Charles III.
However, Louis died aged sixteen in 1724 having reigned for a mere eight months.
After that, a great many inventions arrived, including lithography and ways to print photographs.
One of the four, dubbed Kepler-69c, is a mere 1.5 times the size of the Earth and around a star like our own Sun – about as near as the current data allow to finding an "Earth 2.0".
The Panathinaiko Stadium was filled with an estimated 80,000 spectators, including King George I of Greece, his wife Olga, and their sons.
What I'm suggesting really, is let's get it on the agenda for budget review whenever the next meeting is, to be considered in depth, and if that gives an extra couple or three weeks for officers to write the report, fine, if it goes beyond the next policy and resources a week or two won't matter in the scheme of things, it's detailed consideration I'm looking for, rather than a fast fix in ten minutes at the next P and R.
Until eighteen months ago Wiltshire was the most undermanned force in this country, and that's not our figures, that was the Home Office formula which produced that, and because of that eighteen months ago the Home Secretary actually granted this force an extra sixty- seven policemen and he gave none to anybody else.
And that was the reason why, and in fact the total shortfall, the total unmanning was something like a hundred and thirty-five hundred and forty, which is why the police authority has a bid in at this moment for a, a further sixty-eight policemen, which has in fact been backed by the county council, who are prepared to pay for it.
It has also won the UEFA Champions League a record 13 times and the UEFA Cup twice.
at least a half-dozen other places in the cabin that would have
An estimated 1 billion people tuned into the farewell concert.
The city has an estimated 31,000 students.
After her death, he remarried in 1980 to Robyn Smith, a female jockey 45 years his junior.
And er it's a good ninety nine P's worth.
Vishnu is usually shown with a light blue skin and four arms.
Erm I do a lot of er large goods vehicle training and if you get erm with a very large vehicle thirty eight tonnes, you cannot, even with an artic which has got a very good  dogleg to get round, you cannot do it.
What is different in the Banbury situation erm is that fact that you are not only talking about one school and it's education because Banbury School draws not only it's own eleven to sixteen year old children, who have the option to go forward to the sixth form, but of course all the children that come from the Warriner School at Bloxham, all the children that come from Drayton School, and a certain number of the children who might come from the Roman Catholic Secondary School in Banbury, so there are a whole lot more people involved than just the actual children, and that's what made Banbury a hybrid.
For example, the church lost an estimated 100,000 marks to the Crown in 1213.
An estimated 20,000,000 to 30,000,000 people understand it partially.
The evening before, he had left Augsburg a good many miles behind.
"I Could Fall in Love" is written in the key of E major and moves at a moderate 86 beats per minute.
The alliance army sent troops which consisted of about 5,500 men, 700 French soldiers, and an additional 20 warships.
An estimated 4,400 to 200,000 people die from it each year.
On 31 August 1935, it was reported that he had mined a record 102 tonnes of coal in 5 hours and 45 minutes (14 times his quota).
Only the tallest buildings remain and an estimated 9,500 people are missing, roughly half the population.
Jochen Hecht (born June 21, 1977 in Mannheim, West Germany) is a retired ice hockey centre that played a combined 13 seasons in the NHL.
In 2010, Suggs got 70 tackles (50 alone), a career-high 14.5 sacks, seven foced fumbles, and nine yards on two interceptions.
When it lays its eggs, it builds a small stick nest several meters up in a tree.
A half dozen people died, and most of the city was destroyed.
He was named Walter Camp Defensive Player of the Week on Sept. 19 following his performance at Michigan State as he had a team-high nine tackles, forced a fumble and returned it for a 75-yard TD and recorded his first career interception.
Mr. Habib demands an extra one hundred thousand dollars to sell the house that he has owned for just a day, back to Martin.
Together with "Casineria", another transitional fossil found in Scotland, it is one of the smallest terapods known, being a mere 20 cm in adult length.
lived here a good many years, too.
Mr. Kipling and a good many others have
she arrived at a handsome and sedate mansion two squares to the east,
them to a fresh port—a trifling vase or two, pictures of actresses, a
A typical Belarusian eats a light breakfast and two hearty meals, with dinner being the largest meal of the day.
just leave that unless you are totally stuck, and I don't mean sort of five minutes, have a good sort of maybe ten minutes or say about ten minutes of playing with this.
George S. Dunlop, President of the United Fresh Fruit and Vegetable Association, gave First Lady Barbara Bush a bouquet of the vegetable an additional 10 tons in trucks.
The towers were raised by a further 10 yards (9.1 m) in 1854, and 184 kilocandela lamps were added which gave three slow flashes every half minute.
Having a bloated body nine months a year, for six years.
Movie critic Roger Ebert rated the movie a rare zero-stars rating and listed it as one of his most hated movies of all-time.
Took an early retirement four years ago.
He has also played in the WHL for a combined 8 seasons with the Saskatoon Blades, Kootenay Ice, Swift Current Broncos and the Moose Jaw Warriors.
Because of that, it has an additional 40 million readers in more than 70 countries.
Here Daubeney had a hot time of it before his spearmen eventually captured the crossing with some losses (a mere 8 men or as many as 300 depending on one's source).
It is a large, square house two and a half stories high, its hipped roof
A broad paved terrace three steps above
By this function definition, by this function definition if I'm inputting an orange circle, I should output an orange circle eight times the orange circle, eight times the orange circle which doesn't make a lot of sense but hopefully you get the idea that whatever you're inputting you're just going to multiply it times eight and add two so if we input two "x" plus three we're going to output this times eight plus two wherever we see an "x" we replace it with this right over here.
But as a consequence of all that work, we've actually gained an additional five hundred and seventy pounds grant from the church commissioners, from the  Scouts and from the Cathedral Council for this new additional work.
They went from an estimated 15 tons in 1730, to 75 tons in 1773.
We then move over to the  er  jus , what is called site two  and, on that we'll be doing another twenty one houses for rent to your  your nominees  with a further two units for  special needs  and the balance of the site  can be made  er  available for shared ownership, which is another thirteen properties  and the timetable for that is set to follow on  after this site's been completed  so that's why the phase has been  er, changed to nineteen ninety five  in your reports.
And told to turn up the next morning, waited another four hours, finally  a patient who'd had an operation  for a serious gall bladder operation two days before hand was kicked out of his bed and sent home  so that she would be put in the bed, given the operation!
A scant five yards ahead of the snapping jaws, Brand reached his goal,
When I was eighteen I came in contact with the Catholic Crusade which was a rather left wing Christian Socialist Organization and I found that their attitude to problems contained the answers for which I had been searching for a good many years  tell me when you want me to raise something.
Pine Gap is a remote facility 19 km (12 miles) southwest of Alice Springs in the Northern Territory of Australia.
One of his touchdowns was a record 106 yards after he intercepted a pass.
And then all the, all the little children, some of them with very serious illnesses, but seeing how brave they were on the wards, it was a very moving six months.
Bobby Orr of the Boston Bruins won the award for a record eight seasons in a row (1968–75).
a good many notions to school with her that were not at all in
Must have taken him a good 60 years to write all this stuff.
During Apple's 2012 Worldwide Developer's Conference, Apple CEO Tim Cook said that the App Store has 400 million accounts with registered credit cards, 650,000 available apps to download and "an astounding 30 billion apps" downloaded from the app store.
Er, the Police Authority last year I think actually had to have an extra nine hundred thousand pounds of spending, the budget was funded by the constituent's authorities, erm, and we've already for next year in fact, made available effectively six hundred thousand pounds worth of extra spending by erm, various means, so I would hope that erm, the authority does use as, as much prudence and restraint in its financial affairs as possible, because of the, the effects on all, all concerned.
That there would be an extra six seats for France, Italy and the United Kingdom.
It gives local authorities an additional one hundred million pounds to spend when the low level of inflation is helping them keep down the cost of providing their services.
This translates  into an average eighteen pounds reduction in council tax for a band E dwelling which could be passed on to council tax payers in their ninety four, ninety five bills or of course allows them more flexibility in their general financial planning.
five reminded them that they were still a good many miles away from
There were a great many currants in my
A great many vines are said to be sold.
Based on the technical platform of the Volkswagen Polo and the Skoda Scala, it will have, according to Skoda, an additional 50 liters of trunk, bringing the capacity to a total of 380 liters, In its press release, Skoda also mentions the fact that the car will no longer be offered with gasoline powered mechanics.
A great many countries have a name.
There are a great many plans.
It had a long neck (with 63 vertebrae), a long snout, long, sharp teeth (up to 5 cm long), a short, pointed tail and four flippers, each about 1.5–2 meters (4.9–6.6 ft) long.
During that period, "Brown helped an estimated 2,500 slaves escape."
get a good many things dry after a selection like that, especially on a
four women put on a long four women put on long black dresses and one wears a black jumper over a black shirt .
However, at the end of hurricane season, it was found that Grace actually became a tropical storm 12 hours earlier than people first thought.
I would have to say that if I had someone come to me for a job opening and they asked me for the names of a great many Christians I know that are non-functional, that are lazy, that are disloyal
An estimated 50,000 prisoners died there, as well as 20,000 Soviet prisoners of war (POWs).
Singapore Airlines placed an order for 30 Airbus A350-900 aircraft in 2006, with a further 30 orders placed in 2013.
"I entered for a good many things," said he, "in order that I might go
Before a muster drill starts, the captain announces over a loud speaker 30 minutes before, 15 minutes before and when the emergency alarm signal is about be sounded.
A good many opinions
The marimba is a kind of xylophone which has a softer sound and more bars, especially low notes.
out-of-the-way places, and I have met a great many people.
giving Gonzalez a fair three-quarters view of his torso.
You'll certainly have an unpleasant few minutes
It a very touristic city and many tourists are coming to Corfu from all the world, mainly from west Europe.
"That hasn't been his name for a good many years.
By the beginning of 1995, Viola was sold to Valencia, but remained for a further six months in Corinthians - the winning the Campeonato Paulista and the Copa do Brasil.
There are a great many different sailboats.
Well let's say let's say we've got a fixed pressure now, we're not going to mess about with the height of the water, it's a constant hundred feet or so.
Right, there's an easy two marks.
It was a good two weeks.
published a great many works, frequently illustrated, on the progress
And this development if allowed, without a link road, will generate an additional estimated four hundred cars daily into the town centre.
In 2003 there were 103 individuals in the wild with 20 breeding pairs known as well as a further 34 birds in captivity at the Healesville Sanctuary.
(Operator) 'Will you pay for a further three minutes?
home of your poor relations a paltry two days' journey beyond the
In its first year turnover was a modest forty thousand pounds, it's now twelve million.
When they measured the thrust, it was a spectacular 130 pounds.
He followed this up with a further two goals against former employers Hibernian at Easter Road on 28 September 2008, then adding his sixth goal back in a Rangers shirt at Rugby Park in a 4-0 win over Kilmarnock.
And his opponent in the opposite corner tonight, making his professional debut weighing in at an even 250 pounds, the Battling Bailiff.
they made a good fifty miles.
He became a top scorer 7 times and was selected Best Eleven 14 times.
projected, a full eight feet of head and giant body thrust out of the
Alright uh... alright so, yes, their is a significant problem 15 to 30 billion dollars are going to the black market instead of going to the government.
Laura formed out of a large non-tropical low pressure area 1015 miles (1635 km) west of the western islands of the Azores on September 29.
No  you didn't have  you didn't have a finishing hand, you didn't really have a brilliant first two hands  and then the pick of the one, two, three bouncer  I might  I might have been persuaded to play the one, two, three bouncer and hope that that got through  but to finish with an ace flush  but good.
The fire itself released an estimated 20,000 curies (700 |terabecquerels) of radioactive material into the nearby countryside.
Nesting usually takes place in an isolated tree 7–30 feet above ground.
The bank manager in the office behind them, he or she doesn't know, what's happening at the next level and they don't know what's happening at the next level and, eventually, you got a tiny few people at the peak of the pyramid of that banking structure, are the only ones, that know, what the real agenda of the bank is and what the direction is that they are going and why.
The ruins of the city were rediscovered by Hiram Bingham in 1909 in a remote forest site 130 km west of Cuzco, but he failed to realize its significance, because he believed that Machu Picchu, which he also rediscovered, was the fabled "Lost City of the Incas".
From when he joined the Canadiens in 1910, until having to retire in 1925, Vézina never missed a game or allowed another person to replace him, playing in 328 regular season games and an additional 39 playoff games in a row.
A whole 3 episodes!!
Well, at four thirty today, he barked for a solid fifteen minutes.
I've been watching your movies ever since I was a little girl and four years ago I followed you all around the Beverly Center for, like, half a day, working up the courage to introduce myself.
The A-10 is 53 feet, 4 inches (16.16 meters) long, 14 feet, 8 inches (4.42 meters) high, has a wingspan of 57 feet, 6 inches (17.42 meters), has a top speed 420 miles per hour, and can weigh 51,000 pounds (22,950 kilograms) at its heaviest.
A good many folks don't become Christians, and
And to understand that change I want to go back to the beginning and just to trace what has happened to the Chinese Communist Party since it was formed in nineteen twenty one  when it had a mere  I hope everybody can see that, it's not very  large today  and I don't think I can  any better than that  In nineteen twenty one when it was first founded, it had a mere fifty seven members and it didn't grow very much for a number of years.
The two teams have met a record twelve times in the NBA Finals, starting with their first Finals meeting in 1959.
So then, obviously, coming to America was an exciting thing for me, and I've had a great five years.
A great net fifty feet long was spread
I mean were we talking about you know, I suppose a quick five minutes feedback but then you know, five minutes in three months time.
One way or another we've had a pretty busy six months.
Viciousness is a learned behavior and few dogs, including the Doberman, are naturally vicious.
I just took a good few days before I could organize a tear in her right, and I'm not saying it's right on, and closed this charity of mine...don[t call me for that.....
vacation--a happy two weeks that was soon gone.
We did our utmost--a European vase and two hundred gold pieces.
"I can see a little launch tack twenty miles off."
So and the idea behind these types of formats is that they're text formats, but they're not really they are not really formatted in a way that's in the same as a table because they contain a little bit more metadata.
The harbor-master, Alvaro Peña, a young fellow thirty years of age,
The only thing worse than a smug, married couple, lots of smug, married couples.
And we put an extra 26,000 pounds of fuel onboard so we can carry like 90,000 pounds of fuel, so we can fly for a day and a half.
suppose, for a good many hours, with the sun and shade passing slowly
it, it, it be a quick five minutes
And in general, when I'm flipping a fair coin five times in a row there are going to be 32 possible outcomes.
his forehead, but a French interpreter thirty yards away was knocked
To a good many soldiers, pleasant weather and kindly folk and
Beans and corned beef hash were served a good many times
was a good many score of miles out of range.
and a half-dozen or more times Noel slowly paced back and forth as if he
Over time, this so-called "Dark Energy" has grown to an astonishing three-fourths of all the matter and energy in the universe.
Well you would just need an extra space or two spaces on the bottom.
And some research by foreign  suggested that whilst this sector is worth a mere seven hundred million dollars a day, by nineteen ninety six the client server software market will reach seven point five billion dollars in size.
Instantly obeying the command a half-dozen men started in swift pursuit
Rolling down this hill, hitting the launch ramp at an estimated 24.6 miles an hour, sailing just over the scrumptious Natalie Gordon, who will be holding this flaming torch in her mouth.
Taking the good with the bad, he was doing a fair five miles an hour.
But then, the, Alex thinks there's a whole lot more boys joining, joining the school.
You gave him a great last couple years.
Well, you probably had another good two or three years of competitive play in you.
Well, you probably had another good two or three years of competitive play in you.
What are the total possible outcomes if I'm flipping a fair coin eight times?
So there's 2 to the eighth possible outcomes when you flip a fair coin eight times.
of cut square specimens, for a good many dies can easily be found.
A great many envelopes are of soft
But you do have to allow an extra 30 minutes for preparation.
Right here in Orange County, we have an estimated 2,000 children who have triggered type 2 diabetes under the age of 18, because of obesity.
heart’ for a good many girls, old and young--but I can tell you what, he
a good many times you would n’t have been quite so harsh with ’em, if
Well I'm a..a..46 years old
Or  work out what I'm doing here, maybe make a little, few little notes to yourself.
Mole is a number like dozen, but mole is a huge number-- 6 times 10 to the 23 times R.
I found an Arab head ornament and several bracelets.
unless we get a usual three inches of wet snow and that'll stop everything , you never know do you?
connected with a central station many miles off, from which they
And she was from a large family one or two children died as infants, she only had one brother and a lot of sisters.
Temperature's a balmy 65 degrees-- which is good news for you reptiles-- and it looks like it's going to be a perfect day hey just lie in bed, sleep in or simply... work out that flab that's hanging over the bed!
In addition to that, it might interest you to know that er in excess of a further one hundred and sixty hectares of land is in our U D deposit version, U D P  proposed to be released on greenfield sites on the edge of the built up areas.
it, as we were a half-dozen times last winter, he is Johnny-on-the-spot.
"I wanted coffee and tobacco and a fresh pony and more cartridges, and
It's an automatic twelve months.
I feel sure that a great many people have not the slightest idea that
of the Zeuglodon, a whalelike creature seventy feet in length.
A good many dramatic situations begin with screaming.
A good many dramatic situations begin with screaming.
morally, I am afraid of a good many things: reprimanding servants,
A good many dramatic situations begin with screaming.
So if they kept on flat out, every ten seconds they'd go a further so many hundred metres, for ever and ever.
So they're going at fifty five metres every twenty seconds, and you can imagine Peter O'Sullivan, now look at this Pip, they're going at a, a nice steady fifty five metres every twenty seconds, what's that in metres per second?
to that point, we're doing a steady three metres per second.
So just over this short stretch here, which is the simplest part of the curve, a nice steady velocity, a nice steady speed, a fixed three metres per second, forty five miles an hour, whatever it is.
A good many dramatic situations begin with screaming.
We are one of about three hundred Amnesty groups in the country, probably about this  size, perhaps, well were, were, I mean this, this group is probably about an average for the, you know, the groups in the country, some are smaller, some are much larger, but er, usually it's about a dozen or so people meeting once a month or, or that often in a room, erm, but apart from groups there are a l there are a great many more people who are called individual members of Amnesty about eighty thousand I think now who are, who just joined by writing to headquarters and many of those have no contact with the groups at all, we've had list of the people in this area and they run into hundred and fifty, two hundred people who live in this area who er, who belong, who, who belong to Amnesty but don't actually come to a group except for a small number of us.
A great many bacteria can secure their nitrogen from
Would you say we had a reliable 72 hours until failure?
Would you say we had a reliable 72 hours until failure?
Would you say we had a reliable 72 hours until failure?
started to-gether on a little two days' trip into the country.
Would you say we had a reliable 72 hours until failure?
Africa alone loses an estimated one million children to malaria annually.
Do you have an extra dozen eggs?
0:00:01.060,0:00:02.569 today we're going to be talking about 0:00:02.569,0:00:04.980 paul romer 0:00:04.980,0:00:08.339 all romer talk for a long time at stanford university 0:00:08.339,0:00:11.439 more recently he moved to new york university 0:00:11.439,0:00:15.030 and he's most famous for being one of the architects 0:00:15.030,0:00:16.800 of new growth fearing 0:00:16.800,0:00:21.730 two more recently he's becoming famous for his work in development economics 0:00:21.730,0:00:23.849 fact for his entrepreneurship 0:00:23.849,0:00:25.640 in development economics 0:00:25.640,0:00:29.189 warned that soon 0:00:29.189,0:00:32.889 rollers most famous papers called and dodges technical change 0:00:32.889,0:00:35.840 this is a monumental paper a foundational paper 0:00:35.840,0:00:37.950 in new growth theory 0:00:37.950,0:00:41.750 and it is led to a huge outpouring of work 0:00:41.750,0:00:43.300 in growth theory 0:00:43.300,0:00:46.490 will be able to discuss the paper and much detail but let me just give you an 0:00:46.490,0:00:48.200 essence of where it came from 0:00:48.200,0:00:50.280 let's remember the solo model 0:00:50.280,0:00:52.449 and this all along all output 0:00:52.449,0:00:55.060 is a function of ages ideas 0:00:55.060,0:00:58.460 and a combination of capital and labor 0:00:58.460,0:01:02.460 now solo made to assumptions about ideas eg 0:01:02.460,0:01:04.630 first ideas were a public good 0:01:04.630,0:01:07.840 who are freely available to anyone in the world 0:01:07.840,0:01:08.900 second 0:01:08.900,0:01:13.659 the growth in ideas was gigs argent studies outside the model 0:01:13.659,0:01:18.470 ideas just kind of accumulated over time 0:01:18.470,0:01:19.780 in some ways 0:01:19.780,0:01:21.500 this is not situation 0:01:21.500,0:01:24.130 terrible assumption particularly the first part 0:01:24.130,0:01:27.860 so lot of ideas already public good so for example 0:01:27.860,0:01:31.590 a force is equal a mass times acceleration the pipetter npr_ news a 0:01:31.590,0:01:32.640 public goods 0:01:32.640,0:01:34.340 available to everyone 0:01:34.340,0:01:37.840 however the second assumption is really problematic 0:01:37.840,0:01:38.970 because 0:01:38.970,0:01:41.570 growth is about new ideas 0:01:41.570,0:01:43.700 and if you look around in the world 0:01:43.700,0:01:48.590 most research and development is produced by for-profit firms 0:01:48.590,0:01:51.929 growth ideas are not coming out of the ether 0:01:51.929,0:01:54.260 they're not just arriving 0:01:54.260,0:01:55.450 magically 0:01:55.450,0:01:58.210 they happen in some places and not in other places 0:01:58.210,0:02:00.030 and they happen for a reason 0:02:00.030,0:02:01.479 the happened because 0:02:01.479,0:02:06.420 most of the time someone is out to make a profit in developed economies 0:02:06.420,0:02:09.360 sixty to eighty percent of research and development 0:02:09.360,0:02:13.439 is privately produced by for-profit firms 0:02:13.439,0:02:17.349 so however made these assumptions for a reason 0:02:17.349,0:02:21.549 he made these assumptions because the made the model much much simpler 0:02:21.549,0:02:26.219 because with these assumptions ideas are freely available literally free 0:02:26.219,0:02:27.619 they're not priced 0:02:27.619,0:02:31.879 that means that capital and labor can be sold in competitive markets 0:02:31.879,0:02:34.450 the candidates receive their marginal product 0:02:34.450,0:02:38.200 the product itself can be sold a competitive markets and the payments to 0:02:38.200,0:02:39.450 capitol labor 0:02:39.450,0:02:43.679 will nicely sum up to exactly equal the price of the product 0:02:43.679,0:02:46.469 sort everything works out beautifully with 0:02:46.469,0:02:49.879 the competitive firms that when ideas are not 0:02:49.879,0:02:51.349 uh... priced 0:02:51.349,0:02:52.279 however 0:02:52.279,0:02:54.240 when ideas are priced 0:02:54.240,0:02:55.350 we have a problem 0:02:55.350,0:02:56.809 let's take a look 0:02:56.809,0:02:59.089 ideas are non rival wrist 0:02:59.089,0:03:03.169 and it cannot be sold in competitive markets because the marginal cost is 0:03:03.169,0:03:04.260 zero 0:03:04.260,0:03:08.769 so the classic example here is the pharmaceutical the first pill cost a 0:03:08.769,0:03:10.040 billion dollars 0:03:10.040,0:03:12.349 the second door cost fifty cents 0:03:12.349,0:03:14.319 that fifty cents 0:03:14.319,0:03:17.749 that can be produced the second film the third the fourth in the fifth 0:03:17.749,0:03:22.329 and the end and the and fill can be produced in competitive markets 0:03:22.329,0:03:24.120 the fifty cents comes from 0:03:24.120,0:03:27.189 payments a kaplan labor which are just enough 0:03:27.189,0:03:31.139 to cover the fifty-cent cost of the product 0:03:31.139,0:03:34.969 that doesn't lead and i think over for producing the formula 0:03:34.969,0:03:37.799 for producing the idea which made the 0:03:37.799,0:03:41.169 pharmaceutical possible in the first place 0:03:41.169,0:03:45.739 so you can't sell pharmaceuticals in competitive markets 0:03:45.739,0:03:46.739 okay 0:03:46.739,0:03:49.330 because that doesn't leave enough left over 0:03:49.330,0:03:53.050 to funded the research and development which went into producing a product of 0:03:53.050,0:03:54.249 the first place 0:03:54.249,0:03:56.999 there has to be some in our police power 0:03:56.999,0:04:00.069 either the monopoly power maybe comes from a patent 0:04:00.069,0:04:03.969 or maybe comes from being first a market or having a trade secret 0:04:03.969,0:04:07.759 or having some knowledge of being able to do things better than other people do 0:04:07.759,0:04:09.929 but you need some monopoly power 0:04:09.929,0:04:13.309 uh... to find to fund these ideas 0:04:13.309,0:04:15.589 ideas also create spillovers 0:04:15.589,0:04:19.840 even when you have monopoly power well the pattern runs out over time 0:04:19.840,0:04:23.020 the idea of the at the idea of self can be copied 0:04:23.020,0:04:24.669 not directly but can be 0:04:24.669,0:04:27.430 uh... uh... the idea comes to be useful 0:04:27.430,0:04:29.599 can still spread around the world 0:04:29.599,0:04:31.089 so what'd romer do 0:04:31.089,0:04:35.060 but what romer ddc_ created a mold growth based on ideas 0:04:35.060,0:04:38.240 which were privately produced by for-profit firms 0:04:38.240,0:04:41.100 in annapolis tically competitive markets 0:04:41.100,0:04:44.639 with spillovers 0:04:44.639,0:04:46.389 in one way that's just 0:04:46.389,0:04:50.399 following the formula bestest doing exactly what we would hope a model 0:04:50.399,0:04:51.300 should do 0:04:51.300,0:04:52.719 but bear in mind 0:04:52.719,0:04:55.370 that everyone knew this was kind of the right way to go 0:04:55.370,0:04:59.700 everyone knew this was the right model but apparel failed to create this model 0:04:59.700,0:05:02.009 samuelson failed to create this model 0:05:02.009,0:05:05.959 solo failed to create this model it wasn't until romer 0:05:05.959,0:05:08.149 that all the knots were tied 0:05:08.149,0:05:12.219 that we have all of these characteristics which we know are true 0:05:12.219,0:05:13.990 that ideas are produced by 0:05:13.990,0:05:18.529 monopolistic firms that idea is a really important in growth 0:05:18.529,0:05:23.150 ideas have spillovers all of these ideas combined in a model 0:05:23.150,0:05:24.369 that was really is 0:05:24.369,0:05:27.219 romer response a prima congressman 0:05:27.219,0:05:31.050 in this paper of nineteen ninety 0:05:31.050,0:05:34.210 i said the model is a real technical achievement 0:05:34.210,0:05:35.439 that's true 0:05:35.439,0:05:39.159 but the really important aspect is that a common solvent on start to think about 0:05:39.159,0:05:41.660 things until we have a model 0:05:41.660,0:05:43.279 and what romer did 0:05:43.279,0:05:46.669 is he put ideas at the heart of growth theory 0:05:46.669,0:05:51.189 and once you do that you start to open up and start thinking about a lot of new 0:05:51.189,0:05:51.919 things 0:05:51.919,0:05:53.650 back in the solo model 0:05:53.650,0:05:56.709 it's all about the economic should capital 0:05:56.709,0:05:59.300 once you have ideas at the heart of the model 0:05:59.300,0:06:02.679 you start thinking about things like patents and intellectual property 0:06:02.679,0:06:04.729 you starting about universities 0:06:04.729,0:06:09.740 bug capital markets like venture capitalists and having a capital market 0:06:09.740,0:06:14.669 strong capital markets have been on two printers can take their firms 0:06:14.669,0:06:16.510 he's talking about human capital 0:06:16.510,0:06:19.450 and whiny might not have enough human capital 0:06:19.450,0:06:20.699 in research 0:06:20.699,0:06:22.949 why research might be under-funded 0:06:22.949,0:06:27.150 because we get spillovers because that's a monopolistic industry 0:06:27.150,0:06:29.560 you start asking yourselves questions about 0:06:29.560,0:06:31.569 why do some ideas 0:06:31.569,0:06:35.680 uh... how do ideas transmit themselves across the world how to be flow across 0:06:35.680,0:06:36.849 the world 0:06:36.849,0:06:38.350 where two ideas begin 0:06:38.350,0:06:40.789 why is it takes some ideas a long time 0:06:40.789,0:06:41.949 to transmit 0:06:41.949,0:06:45.270 and other ideas move across the world quite quickly 0:06:45.270,0:06:47.439 you get a whole new perspective on trade 0:06:47.439,0:06:49.569 and the importance of market size 0:06:49.569,0:06:50.319 as 0:06:50.319,0:06:53.940 generating the incentives to produce rnd_ 0:06:53.940,0:06:55.250 you begin to think about 0:06:55.250,0:06:57.199 differences in times of ideas 0:06:57.199,0:06:58.830 by technologies 0:06:58.830,0:07:02.209 these seem much more amenable to be communicated across 0:07:02.209,0:07:03.479 different countries 0:07:03.479,0:07:04.919 then do rules 0:07:04.919,0:07:08.849 rules by rules i mean things like how do people interact 0:07:08.849,0:07:10.349 rules on boat 0:07:10.349,0:07:13.789 uh... 0:07:13.789,0:07:15.939 rosalie had a greater corporation 0:07:15.939,0:07:17.969 how to create honest government 0:07:17.969,0:07:20.130 rules like 0:07:20.130,0:07:21.119 democracy 0:07:21.119,0:07:22.599 the rule of law 0:07:22.599,0:07:24.150 uh... honest judges 0:07:24.150,0:07:26.930 judges and separated from 0:07:26.930,0:07:29.599 uh... politicians the separation of powers 0:07:29.599,0:07:33.220 much harder to transmit these ideas and have these ideas adopted 0:07:33.220,0:07:36.259 than it is to have ideas about 0:07:36.259,0:07:39.030 how to create an engine for an ample 0:07:39.030,0:07:42.289 you also begin to think about where ideas are current 0:07:42.289,0:07:45.419 what is necessary to create new ideas you think about cities 0:07:45.419,0:07:49.800 you think about density of getting people close together to transmit 0:07:49.800,0:07:51.919 knowledge do you think about networks 0:07:51.919,0:07:53.050 so all of these 0:07:53.050,0:07:56.509 ideas about ideas were introduced 0:07:56.509,0:07:58.250 by the romer model and put 0:07:58.250,0:08:03.630 at the center of grocery bipolar world 0:08:03.630,0:08:07.020 so in the late nineteen eighties romer could produce a number of papers in new 0:08:07.020,0:08:08.249 growth theory 0:08:08.249,0:08:11.389 culminating in this great nineteen ninety paper 0:08:11.389,0:08:14.809 many people thought he was on the tracked for nobel prize 0:08:14.809,0:08:17.830 which he may yet winds are really in my view 0:08:17.830,0:08:20.740 and then something strange happened 0:08:20.740,0:08:22.680 romer disappeared 0:08:22.680,0:08:24.819 or at least it seemed that way too 0:08:24.819,0:08:27.669 many people in the economics profession 0:08:27.669,0:08:29.759 romer actually gave up tenure 0:08:29.759,0:08:31.410 he gave up tenure at stanford 0:08:31.410,0:08:34.610 he took an extended five-year leave of absence 0:08:34.610,0:08:36.000 from stanford 0:08:36.000,0:08:37.220 to do what 0:08:37.220,0:08:39.950 well romer created startup 0:08:39.950,0:08:41.670 he created an applicant 0:08:41.670,0:08:47.880 which long before it became a buzzword that it is now aplia was the beginnings 0:08:47.880,0:08:50.160 of online education 0:08:50.160,0:08:54.980 out there was a homework solution professors could assign quizzes could 0:08:54.980,0:08:59.980 grade all ur homework online could you experiments online in economics they 0:08:59.980,0:09:02.720 could shift a demand curve students could shift in anchorage 0:09:02.720,0:09:04.210 and supply curves 0:09:04.210,0:09:06.060 you know it was a fantastic 0:09:06.060,0:09:09.320 fantastic uh... device 0:09:09.320,0:09:10.730 and very successful 0:09:10.730,0:09:11.459 uh... 0:09:11.459,0:09:15.139 uh... roma ran out the effort that seven years and then so look for a lot of 0:09:15.139,0:09:16.470 money to send age 0:09:16.470,0:09:20.670 out they are still going strong today 0:09:20.670,0:09:23.940 did a rumor leave new growth theory 0:09:23.940,0:09:26.920 did he take the lessons of new growth theory 0:09:26.920,0:09:28.829 the importance of ideas 0:09:28.829,0:09:32.800 the importance of ideas to create new ideas to increase productivity 0:09:32.800,0:09:34.690 in dat apply those lessons 0:09:34.690,0:09:36.500 to a great start up 0:09:36.500,0:09:37.850 i think the latter 0:09:37.850,0:09:42.180 and romer story was not yet 0:09:42.180,0:09:46.620 most recently rumors come up with a startling new idea for development 0:09:46.620,0:09:48.040 charter cities 0:09:48.040,0:09:49.070 what is this 0:09:49.070,0:09:51.140 well let's go back to the problem 0:09:51.140,0:09:54.430 the problem is the iron rule of rules 0:09:54.430,0:09:56.610 well i mean my this is 0:09:56.610,0:10:00.940 that we saw that some rules things like the rule of law things like 0:10:00.940,0:10:04.150 anti corruption things like honesty in government 0:10:04.150,0:10:07.430 these types of rules are hard to transmit 0:10:07.430,0:10:09.240 now why the hard to transmit 0:10:09.240,0:10:13.210 well they may be hard to transmit because the require a lot of interaction 0:10:13.210,0:10:15.000 and a lot of coordination 0:10:15.000,0:10:16.620 it's kind of like getting everyone 0:10:16.620,0:10:20.540 from driving on the left hand side of the road to switch to driving on the 0:10:20.540,0:10:22.190 right-hand side of the road 0:10:22.190,0:10:25.500 everyone must agree to coordinate on the new equilibrium 0:10:25.500,0:10:27.300 and that's really hard 0:10:27.300,0:10:28.940 there may be forces 0:10:28.940,0:10:31.920 you can you do it you know halfway in halfway steps 0:10:31.920,0:10:33.819 he can do it a little bit of the time 0:10:33.819,0:10:35.890 you've gotta go all the way or nothing 0:10:35.890,0:10:37.700 and that is very very difficult 0:10:37.700,0:10:40.300 sweden by the way we actually managed to do this 0:10:40.300,0:10:42.200 in the nineteen seventies 0:10:42.200,0:10:45.740 so in just the same way that it's hard to get people to coordinate 0:10:45.740,0:10:48.130 on switching from the right hand side to that 0:10:48.130,0:10:50.130 left hand side or vice versa 0:10:50.130,0:10:52.419 it may be hard to get people to coordinate 0:10:52.419,0:10:54.520 out of the corruption trap 0:10:54.520,0:10:56.600 once you become 0:10:56.600,0:10:58.769 on known once once the rules 0:10:58.769,0:11:00.320 of helping out your cousin 0:11:00.320,0:11:04.420 of helping out your try member once that rule becomes laid down 0:11:04.420,0:11:07.380 a single person breaking from that rule 0:11:07.380,0:11:10.850 is going to have a really hard time they're going to be squash right back 0:11:10.850,0:11:12.960 down again if you don't help by your cousin 0:11:12.960,0:11:14.560 you can read thrown out of the family 0:11:14.560,0:11:17.780 it's really hard to break out of these coordination traps 0:11:17.780,0:11:19.450 so how do you do it 0:11:19.450,0:11:22.260 told the solution is startups 0:11:22.260,0:11:27.530 or a big push in ideas this is like the big push idea coming back to us again 0:11:27.530,0:11:28.959 but now it's and ideas 0:11:28.959,0:11:30.440 well i mean exactly 0:11:30.440,0:11:33.160 well what i mean what rawr means is 0:11:33.160,0:11:35.550 to start up a new city 0:11:35.550,0:11:38.399 and new city on on occupied land 0:11:38.399,0:11:40.280 with a charter of new 0:11:40.280,0:11:41.870 rules 0:11:41.870,0:11:44.170 toys he has in mind for these new rules 0:11:44.170,0:11:46.640 well he wants the rules to come from outside 0:11:46.640,0:11:48.810 to launched this new equilibrium 0:11:48.810,0:11:52.370 so for example you take a unoccupied piece of land 0:11:52.370,0:11:54.060 in a developed country 0:11:54.060,0:11:55.889 and you would turn on a knockout 0:11:55.889,0:11:57.780 unoccupied piece of land 0:11:57.780,0:11:58.840 over 0:11:58.840,0:12:00.119 to uh... 0:12:00.119,0:12:01.390 uh... canada 0:12:01.390,0:12:03.260 over to great britain 0:12:03.260,0:12:07.280 uh... and have them apply this new set of rules and then have people 0:12:07.280,0:12:09.720 voluntarily enter the city 0:12:09.720,0:12:13.060 voluntarily put themselves under the new set of rules 0:12:13.060,0:12:14.500 hong kong here 0:12:14.500,0:12:16.390 is the classic example 0:12:16.390,0:12:18.870 remember it was hong kong 0:12:18.870,0:12:20.160 which is actually 0:12:20.160,0:12:22.620 completely revolutionized 0:12:22.620,0:12:26.050 and that's what rumors hoping start up a new city 0:12:26.050,0:12:26.940 created 0:12:26.940,0:12:28.490 not only as a 0:12:28.490,0:12:31.550 and in itself is a demonstration project 0:12:31.550,0:12:36.360 new city of ten million people are so operating under completely new rules 0:12:36.360,0:12:39.170 new rules which have been successful elsewhere 0:12:39.170,0:12:41.220 bring them to the new city 0:12:41.220,0:12:44.720 now romer introduced this idea only in two thousand and ten or so it's very 0:12:44.720,0:12:51.100 recent and yet incredibly he's already had some success in pushing the idea 0:12:51.100,0:12:52.600 uh... around the world 0:12:52.600,0:12:55.330 so what still hung juries for example 0:12:55.330,0:13:00.510 has indicated that it will create in fact has created 0:13:00.510,0:13:05.330 unoccupied piece of land where these new rules could be put in place right now 0:13:05.330,0:13:06.020 uh... 0:13:06.020,0:13:08.970 romer is looking for a third party 0:13:08.970,0:13:10.500 to come in and help 0:13:10.500,0:13:14.230 run the new city that canada is one possibility 0:13:14.230,0:13:18.950 he's got the judges from outside also being willing to come in and apply the 0:13:18.950,0:13:20.380 new rules 0:13:20.380,0:13:22.850 now bear in mind here something really important 0:13:22.850,0:13:27.270 and that is that the world is organizing and he really fast rate 0:13:27.270,0:13:31.650 so take india for example a scud eight hundred million people are settled still 0:13:31.650,0:13:36.260 living a rulings instance but it's clear over the next twenty to thirty years 0:13:36.260,0:13:39.960 hundreds of millions of these people are going to be coming to cities many of 0:13:39.960,0:13:41.650 them new cities 0:13:41.650,0:13:44.880 so now is a great opportunity 0:13:44.880,0:13:50.600 to create fresh new cities sees not beholden to the old rules 0:13:50.600,0:13:51.920 cities for example 0:13:51.920,0:13:54.840 were cast would no longer be recognized 0:13:54.840,0:13:56.490 that releases the hope 0:13:56.490,0:14:02.190 will roar be successful who knows but it's a bold idea his revolutionized 0:14:02.190,0:14:05.670 economics education he revolutionized new growth theory 0:14:05.670,0:14:10.010 perhaps this idea is gonna take off as well 0:14:10.010,0:14:13.750 here's a couple places you can find out more about pablo mur 0:14:13.750,0:14:17.860 particularly about this new idea of charter cities a rough roberts hasn't 0:14:17.860,0:14:22.670 excellent interviewer econ talk you can also look at romer sp ted talk 0:14:22.670,0:14:24.960 alone also close to the following 0:14:24.960,0:14:27.570 nicely paul romer is a lot like 0:14:27.570,0:14:29.110 uh... coasts 0:14:29.110,0:14:33.500 tonight coast in the right very much to produce only a handful of papers but 0:14:33.500,0:14:36.580 those papers were absolutely revolutionary 0:14:36.580,0:14:38.580 and romer is the same way 0:14:38.580,0:14:42.380 he hasn't written a lot but he what he has written has been very deep has been 0:14:42.380,0:14:46.980 very fundamental has been much more important than a lot than most other 0:14:46.980,0:14:49.600 work which goes on in economics 0:14:49.600,0:14:54.150 indeed when i think about the economist which of most influenced me 0:14:54.150,0:14:56.650 when i think about the ideas which i 0:14:56.650,0:15:01.210 think about most on an everyday basis which are used to interpret the rule of 0:15:01.210,0:15:02.450 the the world 0:15:02.450,0:15:06.500 ideas which i used to interpret the world a lot of them about growth theory 0:15:06.500,0:15:11.620 about the importance of ideas about trade about markets they're coming from 0:15:11.620,0:15:12.990 paul romer 0:15:12.990,0:15:15.760 so indeed if you want to take a look at my tent up 0:15:15.760,0:15:17.510 taba rocks ted talk 0:15:17.510,0:15:20.970 uh... you'll see that's really an introduction to the ideas of paul romer 0:15:20.970,0:15:22.600 in many ways 0:15:22.600,0:15:23.410 so thanks very much
Our client's initial requirements were for a loan of eighty six thousand pounds being sixty thousand pounds for the business and a further twenty six thousand pounds on house mortgage to cover any monies the bank had required our client to provide  overdraught facilities were also required.
The bank finally agreed to loan sixteen thousand pounds for the business plus overdraught facilities and a further nine thousand pounds secured on our client's home repayable over five years, any further mortgage over a future was to be arranged elsewhere  and my Lord er will hear that in fact the, having the sale of their home having been completed on the fifth of December the plaintiffs were then homeless for some three months living with their daughter until such times as they were able to arrange a mortgage on their present property with the Halifax.
Rather than crawling both URLs and seeing a redundant five items.
Which is a bit different and I'd like to see it, that's just one of my things, but again when you're in, going into retirement I think you've got to think about this, I mean I went, nobody twisted my arm, I went into that situation and I've enjoyed it for a great many years, but now I'm thinking I'd, before I, it's too late I want to have a, a l a fling in autumn as it were.
"That'll be a good many years yet," mocked she.
a good ten years
he had left at Lyons a young and charming wife and two pretty children,
She is now aged twenty four  and there is a normal life expectation, that is a life expectation of a further fifty five years to the age of seventy nine.
In this case  I consider particularly that there are, there are a great many imponderants.
Cos you had a stern chain and two side chains.
A half-dozen witnesses placed her across town at the time of the kidnapping.
He gave a big demo five years ago you might have seen it and there's a lot of really remarkable things about this system one the most remarkable is this notion of displaying information over a screen over a video screen so he has this device this um this device called a mouse where you  kinda rolled around the table it's hard to explain but you can use this to point to different parts of the screen and indicate that you want more information about something that you're pointing to and it also has this notion of different views of information so you can see here we have some data that's in a list and then you can flip that over and look at that same data as this kind of 2 dimensional diagram so really start to think about how can we represent information dynamic information spatially another great system kind of about about the same time coming out of the RAND Corporation called GRAlL and this is a system for programming using flow charts on a video display and the input device here is a a stylus on a tablet and that you can drop draw these flow charts and let me show you how that works the programmer is drawing this box and just totally free handing it and he draws a box and the system recognizes that it's a box and turns it into a flow chart box so assigns semantic meaning to these drawings that he's doing he wants to give it a label so he just start writing letters the system recognizes his handwriting 1968 system recognizes handwriting turns it into text here he connects up this box to that one with the line and so on so it's all very direct manipulation if he wants to get rid this line he just kinda scruples it out and it goes away ands so really thinking about were programming means when you have a video display when you can express things in two dimensions but when i'm talking about spatial representation of information I'm not just talking about things like flow charts so um xerox has a little research center in Palo Alto with some kids over there working on something that they call Smalltalk and in Smalltalk the source code is expressed in text but um there's no like big long text file with whole bunch of code in it it's organized in a spatial fashion so here's what they call a browser so in this list here here's all the collection of classes here's all the class is that collection here's all protocols in that class here's all the method in that protocol and here's the source code for that particular method so the method definitions are text but they're not a one huge line of text they're organized spatially so you can get around the system very quickly and see what's going on so between Engelbart's NLS Grail small talk is very different ways of representing information spatially so
sky, was it not a statesman-like word eleven years earlier when the
As excited -- as aroused -- as we might find ourselves by this imagining of Milton actually playing Comus, of course his performance in that role can't be asserted in any way definitively.Now as I mentioned, the title of this piece was originally A Mask Presented at Ludlow Castle, and it seems actually to have been known by the reading public by this title for a good hundred years or so.
An estimated 40,000 men were lost in this lethal use of nature.
An underwater ridge 46,000 miles long marks the boundaries between spreading plates.
It's the only thing besides a nuclear war that can really one second you're living in a big beautiful city and ten seconds later, it's flat.
Well that is an argument that applies to almost anything that you might be trying to sell, whether it's a commercial product or whether it is an artistic product, and in any case, as I have said before, we also support erm a great many organizations and projects which should, and will, appeal to the general public.
The real WRC, a little more tweaks to it, a lot more aerodynamics in the back, believe it or not.
Worst of all, if the pyrotechnics that control the parachutes have been damaged, the chutes may not open at all, causing the spacecraft to hit the water not at a gentle 20 miles per hour, but at a suicidal 300.
But tonight, a mere 18 months after the tragedy of Apollo 1... the entire world watched in awe as Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin... landed on the moon.
Worst of all, if the pyrotechnics that control the parachutes... have been damaged, the chutes may not open at all, causing the spacecraft to hit the water not at a gentle 20 miles per hour, but at a suicidal 300.
But tonight, a mere 1 8 months after the tragedy of Apollo 1 ...
An offsetting "contrast" as Léger knew, to these reds and blues, yellows and greens, that would have been unthinkable in painting a mere ten years before this.
"uhh, you might want to reconsider, and we've created a new deadline three weeks from now so that you can revise and extend."
doctor i've got a boy with a broken arm two boys with broken arms .
There's a good twenty five kilos here I'd of thought.
They'd sometimes er take them in vans depending where they lived and how many of them, but where there was a single one two police used to escort him, and they escorted him what, where we what they call the viaduct.
You're calling a sweet 16 years old as...
in a great many others it is but the land next to the homestead that
Well erm you see although I learned shorthand and typing it was better money and that was the reason I had to do it, I've passed my exams in shorthand but er probably there weren't enough offices then to employ a good many clerks, but erm they er it was a very big fellow who used to ring the bell and the bell was on the outside, he was named Tom but I can't for the life of me think erm what his other name was but, erm it used to put the fear through us I can tell you if we were around the corner and we heard that bell ringing but erm they, they were a good firm to work for and, but they were strict but everywhere was strict in those days, we had to accept it but it was a long long hours, but erm they knew I had some, I, I enjoyed it and I'd go back again only I'm too old.
They were but it, well it was an event, a big event in, in the, among the younger people anyway in Brooks  in Willenhall then and er it was really lovely, really lovely I forget if we had to pay to go in, but er we had er we saved up for a good few weeks before, so that we would have some money to spend at the Wakes  it was one of the  an event of the year then, but erm I used to like Willenhall Wakes and er I used to go dancing a lot well I was allowed to go dancing cos I've always loved singing and dancing you see and er I was allowed but I had to be home before my father got home, but I wasn't always.
I had  with the permission of the deputy general secretary  leave of conference yesterday  I was in London to be told of a further nine hundred redundancies  from a company that a short time ago was telling us, and if you look at my report you'll have to delete the first paragraph where they had secured orders and the security of our members' employment  only to be told yesterday, nine hundred will go.
And the conservative group is running the council in the sense that labour has scrambled, obviously over the last few days, to reduce its  tax level to something closer to the tories  and I'm going to stand with my fellow liberal democrats tonight and vote for a higher figure  because, not only because I think that there's sort of things we want to do in our budget, are b are b are better and and would be better done than not done, but because I think there's a fundamental political ethical issue here  and it's one which has been confronting this country for a great many years and which is going to be crucial in the next election.
We could be gone for a good few years.
learn the accomplishments of active life, take for your models not those people who spend their time on these petty quibbles, but those who have a good livelihood and reputation and many other blessings.
Well I had to replace a s er two slates on on my roof.
so, erm, they rang and they rang, and they rang for a good twenty to twenty five minutes and we just erm, we, we all huddled together in the living room, and erm, anyway about half an hour went past, and then they finally went, we saw them, we live in a flat, and we saw them from the window, we saw them going back to the station you see.
a lousy ten cents .
an injection and been back for a check up, yes it's a good thirty pounds, you can't step in the door really without  twenty five pounds.
Highness, reigns over a certain land, a great many leagues from here,”
i think we've got a little too many cards for this game cause we couldn't hold that many in in our hands .
4 feet on all sides, thereby providing a flat surface 44 feet across.
If you take all these off you get a fre , two free pizzas  but I'm not gonna
Darn it, I didn't even make it a full 10 seconds into my resolution.
I think we owe it to people like  or at least to give them another crack at the whip to see if they've come on in that interim period cos it's a good six months since we interviewed
that had covered an illusory four years of his life?
[766] A small wooden car five or six inches long is covered over with
Aulia Pir is the Gujarati for a single or many saints.
trenches a great many more men than this.
Why don't the B B C, both radio and television, take advertising, and then we not only would not need to pay an extra twenty quid, we probably wouldn't need to pay the eighty odd pounds that we're paying already for a colour television licence.
For a great many years it has been known that the
You are, you are, perhaps you are, you, you're a little, two or three pounds over your fighting weight for a man of your height, but still,
when you were a little boy three years old there were were some things you could do better than what marky can do now ?
A door typically never opens  a full 180 degrees, not if there's a handle that bumps against the wall.
In Nottingham city centre though the Royal Hotel car park that's fairly busy and there are still queues at both entrances of the Victoria Centre and it will take you a good few minutes if you want to get yourself parked in Trinity Square car park they're still operating on a one out one in basis so obviously better to avoid that one if you want to get yourself parked up you can avoid those queues there's plenty of room at the Stoney Street car park that's in the  Market there's always the Fletchergate car park St James Street you'll find that next to the Albany Hotel or you could er make your way to the Broadmoor Centre you won't have to queue to get in there.
CAUSE.—There are a great many things that may produce paralysis of the
For a good 3 years, we've been breaking down barriers
And each of those feet is made up of a dactyl, a long and two shorts, a dum [unknown].
So, the basic element of Homeric epic poetry comes down to a long and two shorts.
It's also the case that any of these dactyls a long and two shorts can be replaced by a spondee two longs.
know by this time, was for a good many years Superintendent of Police
live a good many miles out of town.
"A good many times too many!"
Going to be a dull few days for me, what?
And even so, this worm infected an estimated 6,000 machines.
Witness a paltry hundred thousand pounds for a new village hall, compared with the one million pounds on the Highfields Community Centre.
Now if you do the core for the, the security council, it was a full 15 members.
Then a smaller more skilled group of people are able to create a responsive personalized experience.
-No question -by a good six, seven diamonds.
The challenger-- the challenger weighs in... at an official 202 1/4 pounds!
The champion... wighs an official 238 pounds!
The tail was entangled in so much gear, it was weighted down a full 15 feet below the surface.
learn a good many lessons—and, sadly I say it, even more outside the
Florida, a devoted young colored man ten years ago started a school with
That's a good ten minutes in this old thing!
That's a good ten minutes in this old thing.
He got out of a mental hospital two weeks before the first fire.
In Uganda women exposed to violence lost an extra eleven days than women that were not.
the blood of a poisoned dog five minutes after the drug has been
I have an older sister and 2 half-brothers but the two half-brothers I don't know
a great many troubles and tribulations.
&amp;gt;&amp;gt; When this woman in a New York waiting room collapses in 2008, hospital staff ignore her for an agonizing 45 minutes.
She's got a paralyzed husband and six children.
New result just in...So here it is, a square, 12,000 kilometres on a side roughly.
This symbol is not as clear as the others, but one can see Panbanisha is trying to produce a curved line and several straight lines.
Then later that spring, I took all of the data and of the research that I had done, and I spent a good two weeks in a Kinko's office binding it, and shipping it off to Bobby Kennedy.
Basil rode in silence for a full two minutes, then began again, stiffly:
The model of a lucky-few countries has become a universal dream preached by TVs all over the world.
“Young man,” Toombs answered, “a good many million dollars depend upon
from merely having seen the men in action for a scant few minutes.
Usually, it's an easy eight to twelve weeks.
_Clermont_ at New York, a wooden steamer 133 feet long, engined by
So one important tip on your loaf is when you take it out the oven, let it cool off for a good 15 minutes so that it can solidify a little bit and when you take it out on the pan it wonít fall apart.
a worn suit and seven or eight pawn tickets.
women and children.... A good many passengers were still at lunch when,
Son of a bitch put an extra 15 pounds on Karen when they did her up.
“Very well, then, I have come a good many hundred miles to put it to
And then what I have here is a random tester, which generates a random credit card number with a certain prefix and 15 digits and then ensures is that it's valid.
A measly five hundred dollars, on a route that ought
to pay a extry five dollars fer the cookin' gear and stove.
1000 Shrute bucks equals an extra five minutes for lunch.
like it's a negative 50 degrees, is gasoline.
Before it was over, he knew a great many things that he had
An extra 80 kilos means we won't make it on the gas I allotted.
An extra 80 kilos means the shock absorbers I installed for this job won't allow us to outmaneuver any police that might be chasing us, which means, if there is a chase, we lose our advantage,
An extra 80 kilos means we'll not make... your destination on the gas I have allotted.
An extra 80 kilos means the Koni shock absorbers...
was a terrific book-- five years ago.
There are an estimated 70 sextillion stars.
“He’s had a whole two months
of the world and had made a great many women unhappy.
a married daughter and two children of seven and ten--a little girl and
It had 18,000 vacuum tubes, and it did a whopping 5,000 operations per second.
It's very exciting because in first place with a very positive and a very thrillingly impressive eight points, it's Andy Hamilton!
It takes a -- you see, a good fifteen minutes, to actually reach the three thousand volts on this huge capacitor, and to get in there, the energy, the four hundred fifty joules that I wanted.
State requests defendant be held, as he is part of a continuing investigation... and further, is subject to a mandatory five years without parole... because of prior convictions.
Xenon, on the other hand, which is much more massive, is moving at a measly 534 miles per hour.
From a small beginning 182 years ago, our presence is now felt throughout the world.
It contains a central passage and three chambers, or cists...
Contains a central passage and three chambers, or cysts don't confuse that with robbing, in which case we mean the removal of the contents of the barrow.
Rachel and Clare were 14 when their weight dropped to a pitiful 28 KGs.
Which is probably quite reasonable because eight thousand years ago humans were just figuring out that farming might be a good idea and eight thousand years from now we'll be hopefully be using a calendar with a better date tracking system.
These may be 2D clusters, two-dimensional sheets of cells as is true, more or less in the cardiac atrium or this may be a big three-dimensional mass of cells, where rather than trying to draw a cell by cell,
[The city] filed a similar court case 13 years ago, similar court case 13 years ago, and the judge ruled that we were the rightful owners.
Just a final few words before we see the film.
Another good two hours.
If you gave us permission for an extra nine storeys...
Al-Azhar confirms that the act of protesting is a great sin 50 pounds is given to each protester in the square
We've been trained in an American organization 50 Ethiopians were caught
King won -- this is staggering -- won 39 grand slam singles, doubles, and mixed-doubles tennis titles, including a record 20 titles at Wimbledon.
So, that was the day before that was a caused two pieces of wood or some copper that was in the (?)
like eight thousand theaters for no money in three hundred people on the balcony here but more people in in threatens to structure dodi they know that by casting it are not using people behaviors sandbags and waits two c-one they structural system can't support it may give you a report a lot that system can support it's not just a bunch of ideas had people come up with 'cause a second pre now the words in the future they arrived at decisions they don't make decisions before testing system the overpopulation question is a very very long embeds question-and-answer session we have to understand many different sectors intrepid simply is that it's such a large equation with so many variables that it is not an easy answer it variables on milder insistence standing in right now because they is so we have a base line of work from and yet the factory and what is centrally we have to factor and accurate measurement of the earth's resources we have to factor and efficient usage of those resources and distribution and that including goes on and on and on the back you happen to think he's got a recently in more accurate generalize final answer and then some basic math on it and it is an estimate much much much higher sustainability and we have now i'm talking in the hundreds of billions not that we need them hamburgers population that when the world is aware and let me know what the population isn't metal if we have more higher population arthur are standing on the lookout people tend to make decisions to not have children instead of having children this is a lot to it thrilled to have the answer in such a short time and and time how can we teach compassion sympathy and empathy in children money cooperative work where people work with one another and he realized well if you find the log cabin yourself if you try to build a house for many years ago he might take you six months but nadia but if you work with your neighbor and several made his joining in you can put it belonged to have a much shorter time so children are grown up in cooperative environment rather than each individual for himself socially in the advantages of a cooperative environment when their children to look for a advise from many different people for example my young boy when he was about and not a twelve d said to me daddy what makes an airplane flying is that the propeller if the engine doesn't turn over have upheld a long time he says is that the engine no if you don't know if you will not mention it won't work is that the funeral no if there's no logic and if you want to buy a house is many interacting variables and unable to the airplane to fly not anyone think two things what governments interest in the payments project so far no we're not dealing with any government so far most governments have made this similar people and have little patient political ambitions of polls listen to tv lives you know what the democrats led by the republicans what the republicans say about the democrats reliant on each other or not scientific noel politician to my knowledge has ever increasing agricultural u navy airplanes any safer homemade highway safer within the next automobile accidents they don't know how is what i'm trying to get across the people you elected political office must feel good beyond description they try to solve problems by making laws or they try to fiscal problems my military methods that's a long way to go he had to learn how to bridge the difference between haitian and bring along nations together working in a common direction publicly dat cancer heart disease uncommon problems to all people that's what the nations of the future who worked on problems common to all people not military solutions who decides what movies to get shot listeners the movies or tested that produce non racism that eliminates racism eliminates given aggression on healthy human aggression and movies that promotes the well-being of old people not the selected few anybody want to take this next one will prevent those people in the seat of power programmers manager this except out from corruption or swinging things in their favor i would like to try this one go ahead the question was partially answer with how we can teach compassion empathy children so when we rescued in that way so it would be compassion that will be cooperative in the corporate environment they also will be brought up in the system to check the next fifty twenty don't have scarcity you didn't have to get in nineteen decision of differential advantage when everything available to you everything in abundance you don't even have a fought to acquire something more than two judges you can use almost everything and everything will be available to you and in the same time every other part of the system will be interconnected with other so if you purposely will try to will break something in one part of the system is this will affect you rapid way for example even the programmer or engineer or any person who have solar panel on the roof doesn't make any sense to hacked the own electric grid it doesn't take you anywhere so it will be senseless to actually even think about to see is the power in its admits not going to be stimulated or will not have in a sense to actually it in think about it to take advantage position in that system because when other people yet more availability to resources when children yet proper education could reach ur who aren't the more it as a society as a whole okay thanks venal people right down in that powerful position all decisions are made by what people need who vehemently denied the amount of water use lower in given village has to meet the populations dammam do you have to have supermarkets in certain areas that meet the demand of the population there is no decision makers i can keep you public financing this you know when they can keep you from being educated you have a good weekend can't go to any school university without any fees his no taxation and no money the fucking therefore all things are open unit now belongs to all people resources available to all nations and all the artificial boundaries are separate people will eventually be removed if we are survive if we don't do that will hurt the environment maybe inhuman just want to add to that to you that for this project has a set direction the agenda is already set forth in terms of our goals you know you can read that in the book in terms of common heritage and the well-being of all people rather than just a select few and systems approach to acquiring goods and services to everyone i know elitism so it you speak of comments and and more but it just becomes a procedural system in terms of how you arrive at that first we need to understand where the system where the resources are the survey committee is put into place to do that and then in order to carry out the ames and directions of food eat food housing clothing a compliment probe appropriate environment two enable resources to go for it in terms of cities signs in the way we do things then there is nobody per se in charge of anything it's a procedure of how to carry those things out how in the mentally ill be dealt with bristol there'd be no feasible version would be dealt with in terms of amol ronnie x-rays whatever has to be done to determine whether it's brain damage who were actually environmental exposure with their own news value systems if there's an obvious value systems they can be corrected if his brain damage it may take some form of brain empire to overcome the implications and everybody would be treated very well could you never know wind you might get brain damage and could destroy your eyes are your speech or you might get heart disease they'd be treated like anyone else who was to go and enable them to function as much as possible how crime be dealt with example killing time rate all those return your college the movies that you see the war movies revenge is sweet in the bible aladdin's learn when you've raised children and their environment that's constructive and sharing ideas they have no attitude about hurting this only comes from a person this brought up in an environment with pain injury surgical vincent van it serves no purpose and that means funny record anyone and people carry on those acts have been abused terribly throughout life your reasons why they do that and you look for the environmental conditions that cause people to do that and you eliminate those conditions whenever there is hunger in scarcity crime goes up so you can call it that with the system people think that some people just criminals there's no such thing tomorrow's world will consider all the supreme court judges as criminals all politicians as criminals because they like continuously megan produced nothing they cannot produce jobs nobody had produced films is increasing purchasing power of the johnnie people nobody things but or politician can increase jobs if you understand it will have to have money to buy things map of sustained the culture give them a whole lot leadership jobs out to china cuz they work for less when you have a mass of people that don't have the purchasing power to sustain in monetary system and we also have to as african value systems that are taught where people can think their way out of the anything practically anything so it just becomes violence becomes more prevalent within the society well recording studios are film studios be available for people to make songs and films yes everyone will have a gemini to write stories make films because all that that would be excessive to anyone and if you make a film is running the community if they like it it goes on to the other communities if they don't know identify with that they're going to hell with it is they don't know identified not producer of the film has the right expound his ideas operatives as to what would make the film what would help humanity this is always determine by the final result to the field utility any genes responsible for value oriented behavior i think they changed it to make already highs maybe the shape of the body maybe some propensity toward certain diseases but they do not give you a venue switches greenhalgh good haiti love coleman is based on to kind of environment you brought up in really is insulators did somebody is beautiful because that's usually means that your culture and the arab world are africa people that look different but beautiful to the people who are in the culture the way beauty is purely subjective and if you marry a very beautiful girl are very beautiful girl monica greatness of god we can have to be a sign of a bitch that face becomes ugly would you recommend setting up a group like you've done in the seventies with social so i've been hearing discussing anything and everything did you find it helpful process to improve your own communication skills yes i did find it helpful and i've made a lot of what you call them i have no other shortcomings and didn't know the best way to approach the problem so i went through all the headers before i had arrived at the way that seems to get the most people ninety percent of the people who come here walking out very different than when they arrive they arrive as normal people and when they believe they have very different making thanking me forgiving venues system that enables them to cope with bombs i think we might be asking also from morning correct if you feel that other people g-seven groups like that to discuss things yes together teaching of the company they teach you about the scientific method house i just go about arriving a decision they have no idea and i think it just comes under the scientists head he experiment sometimes
And a little bit more house lights up please.
A rapidly declining stock price and millions in lost jobs and subscribers forced Time Warner to spin AOL off into an independent company seven years later.
KICK HIM AROUND A LITTLE, MAYBE 30 DAYS IN THE CLINK.
You know, the 18 years you've been away should have qualified you to be of immeasurable benefit to the estate, since, in a great many ways, we are a backward people, but don't quote me.
He must have gotten a good three or four inches of air there.
- A lousy 300 bucks, eh?
And the one in the middle, the triangular prism, actually came to be called, 100 years later, or a little, seventy years later,
Over time I've collected about a half-dozen methods that do work -- of course there are many more -- that do work and that are effective.
So Nancy's still got a good 10 years of you following her around, slinging her dime bags.
so the binary tree is empty or it's a noded two binary trees that's, that are in sequence in order that matters.
An extra two or three years.
And two, it takes an average 17 fields to fill-in an order at an arbitrary website.
From a small beginning 182 years ago, our presence is now felt throughout the world.
In a mere 15,000 year humans went from hunting and gathering to creating such improbabilities as the airplane, the internet, and the 99 cent double cheeseburger.
The mean is a little higher, 70 points.
You have a very large surface area, so you don't get nearly as hot as a hundred-watt light bulb, because your surface area is large, so you only have a modest ninety-eight degrees Fahrenheit, unless you're running a fever.
It was a long two months.
George Washington's vision at Valley Forge during the Revolutionary War is just one of the examples of a great many stories we have about miraculous visions and apparitions during times of war and bloodshed.
And like many artists of her generation, they moved to Paris where there was a little bit more freedom for women who were aspiring artists.
What mass of methanol, that's 400-- I have a horrible memory-- 406 grams.
Building an additional 22 miles of man-made canal would link them and create a cross-country route between Fort William and Inverness.
I'm sure that would be a wonderful few hours... and then you'd rob me.
like mama benign neoplasm carl agin this tissue kong drama the minute plasma fibrous tissue five romana etcetera etcetera thursday after the latin and greek the system here is if it's malignancy milkar carcinoma because that's that's really all if it's malignant an album as likable as supporting tissue which holidays star you've all heard these words but now you have to be used in precisely malignant neoplasm a fatty tissue is a light posts are calm in malignant neoplasm of carl edge in this issue is that conroe sarcoma and so forth the interesting thing about these is there not organ specific as many organs have smooth muscle in the wall many organs have cartilage many places in the body have owned many uh... everything in the body practice fibrous tissue so you can see these tumors arising in a variety of places hears a strange one incidental autopsy findings guide that is something completely different had no gi problems this is a little piece of coal have opened it up here mucous membrane hearing here and you look at that you say that a lot of it fatty tissue buffer size only to turn on a big golf ball onset uh... histologically that was perfectly well differentiated i couldn't tell it from normal facile in the center of that big glob of adipose tissue that's a light palm up they do a currently their coats of the uh... of the bal but it's quite rare where do you suppose locals were coming well where there's a lot of fatty tissue very common subcutaneously there may be some like homelessness room like a chilly at least one they're they're not at all on common and they're they're perfectly but revealing holiness they harbor didn't produce any symptoms alright nearest here's a uterus and each one of these is what you would call a fibroid but now i will give you the correct nomenclature these tumors are benign air rising from the muscle of the uterus so they are my yo mas and wyoming muscle and because the particular kind of muscle which you learn about his smooth muscle this is a
Such as railroad speculator Jay Gould whose corrupt practices sank the Erie Railroad and set off a financial panic in 1873 that saw 5,000 businesses close their doors and a half million workers lose their jobs.
I don't know if i've talked you about, an electrical engineer 75 years ago, an intelligent one.
There are a nother 100,000 mathematicians in the database who have only one co-author.
Brother Cower was the oldest member of our ward, a very young 92 years of age.
His flying machine carried him a full 200 yards.
PAP 1250 with a 125 cc engine a wooden helix 115 cm
I've known Pierre for a good ten years now.
Buoyed by a record 1.5 million pre-orders, the game sold 2.4 million copies in a single day, for a total of 125 million dollars.
In the warming after the last ice age, farming begins to take hold in a half dozen places around the globe, but by the fortunes of geography, no place in the ancient world has a better concentration of plants and animals
We started to select schools in different areas, many of them were in a little bit more remote areas, where they didn't really have any collection service, so typically the school would be burning the waste, or throwing it in the river at the back.
And what a tremendous 60 years it has been.
It's been 3 months and she gets a measly 17 points?
For example, if I have twenty fractions times six proteomes and I run an a isoperic tag experiment where I have six plex, this could all be done in a one experiment for a total twenty fractions.
In 2005, that's when hurricane Katrina hit here, and it kind of pushed us back a good six months for working the case, 'cause you just didn't know when the next body was gonna pop up somewhere.
This is a human embryo three weeks after fertilization.
We don't harvest during the first four years and after a time of 6 years, we're not using the maximum sustainable yield but we're using something that's a little smaller 0.8 times the maximum sustainable yield.
Also, for kidnapping the aggrieved, Fatmagül Ilgaz... ... he is to be sentenced with an additional 3 years in prison.
I do, however, sincerely regret that in my absence that I've missed a great many things.
Just a rough couple days.
-A mere seven days, though it will feel like an eternity while in the throes of battle against the beasts of Jötunheim.
So when you see really ridiculous commercials that say we could have a solar array 96 miles in the desert, they don't even think about the fact that that electricity is going to get used in California before it goes any place else.
A great many billionaires, who we would call the elites, a great many very, very wealthy people are getting crashed, burned, and eaten alive.
Two weeks out, a whopping 80,000-pounds short of filling their tanks.
A mere 10 days after hatching and they will all have left in record time.
By midday, the temperature can reach a sizzling 17 degrees centigrade.
This bakery's seen a good few marriages.
I got a burnt fucking truck five miles north of town.
He is 45, with an unfuckable wife and 4 kids.
Well, it was a great 10 months.
Do you think I can have an extra 15 minutes off for lunch?
I'm a rich man, and have a great many friends.
Hard to believe Dave killed Thumper over a lousy two weeks suspension, sir.
Hard to believe Dave killed Thumper over a lousy two weeks suspension, sir.
Not only that, we found a dead body 3 days ago in your college.
Ernst Rцhm and others, took back the city today after a tense two weeks of Communist rule.
If I get my time incorrect we can discharge a further twelve miles upstream and let the tide do the rest.
In a single day they laid an astonishing ten miles of track.
It's going to be a long two weeks.
It's a balmy 8 degrees outside, while inside we're at the top of the 99th inning during the longest winter ever, and this announcer is one more snow flurry away from harming himself and others.
I have to say it was a very interesting five years.
Uh, things were going very, very well, and then all of a sudden, two years into it, they stopped answering the phone.
I think, OK, a certain few classics will always remain, and as far as I'm concerned,
By March 1839, there were an estimated 12 million opium addicts in China.
I know that Rachel made a significant breakthrough two nights before she was killed.
There is a large storage facility three blocks from where Morris left his car just off the freeway exit.
We could crawl down underground a good 20 to 25 feet and then laterally another 20 to 50 feet in several directions.
Uh, before Evan talks, I just have a quick few things
Smell is a key communication tool and many animals emit chemical smell messages called pheromones to signal that they're ready to mate.
Oh, I have a great many talents you do not know about.
"include a private lake and several hundred acres of manageable land."
My client has been a loyal account holder with this bank for a good ten years.
The evidence will show that not only was Mr Misskelley not in Robin Hood Hills at the time of these homicides, he was in a different county 40 miles away the time these crimes occurred.
Or maybe you stole 'em, like you stole this merchandise, and you killed Archie to avoid a third strike and a mandatory 25 years.
'Cause you're not going to see him for, like, a whole six hours.
The weather is a warm yet not uncomfortable 24 degrees, but for those of you who are not sun worshippers, we have our afternoon kiddie's movie in the Hawaiian Function Room.
Well, there's a fair few munters, I'll give you that, but one or two of them aren't so bad!
For that 20-a-day smoker, that's a staggering 10 years you should expect to lose.
I have told you, like, a half dozen times, we were kidnapped.
- There's a special very two years?
It's been a rough ten days wet wise,dealing with my tribe this which was definitely dysfunctional in so many ways and this was just the straw that lets do .....
- I can do you a lovely suit 30 pounds.
Oh, and I wanted to thank you for going a full two weeks without a single termination.
The people at the front of the line queued up a whole three days before the launch.
Brent geese take a leisurely six weeks to reach their destination, stopping at least 16 times along the way.
'Cause the truth is, as a mom with a full-time job and three kids,
It's been a really hard last couple days, and so please let me just do one thing that doesn't suck this week, and I will do whatever you want.
The accused had a part-time cleaning job three days a week.
And since that time, it's disappeared an additional four times.
A half dozen bars, restaurants, and three massage parlors.
Margot had a deceased donor kidney transplant 10 years ago.
And I had you down as a goody two-shoes.
I call it a guaranteed 18 years of child support.
Folks, we've begun our descent to Los Angeles, where the current weather is a beautiful 72 degrees.
Okay, folks, in a few minutes, we'll be beginning our descent into Minneapolis-Saint Paul where the temperature is a balmy 23 degrees.
And a whole lot more people are gonna kill themselves... while you experiment here in this ridiculous fortress.
No, that was a good couple years before the Discovery.
I don't know, but I think Pat Phillips has had a really tough few days.
I've been on the wrong end of her wrath a good many times.
It was a crazy couple days, you know?
Delegates are already gathering in Philadelphia for what, in a mere seven days, could change the course of American history.
It stays locked in at a comfortable 63 degrees, no higher!
It's been a tumultuous couple years for you down in Miami from the Bullyinggate to missing on free agents like Mike Wallace to even having one of your players' wives rip on your quarterback Ryan Tannehill.
All that excitement, anticipation, blood, tears, and excruciating pain... ♪ all of it for a measly 15 minutes.
It weighs a mere 11 pounds.
A great many things, back to the day we met.
I will spare an innocent 60 years of a shitty life.
Yes, you've learned a great many notes, Your Highness.
Yes, you've learned a great many notes, Your Highness.
I've been a lawman here for a good many years.
I was with a British ship 2 months
A large coach... with a bearded man and two women.
You ask a great many questions!
There are a great many things I don't know.
I've heard a great many things about you, but they didn't include cooking.
Well, if... if you w-w-wouldn't mind, sir... if I could get away a f-few minutes early s-sometimes.
I said some unidentified individuals managed to fend off... the helicopter attack and save a great many lives.
is the right to climb into a suburban train five or ten times a week and just stagger back for the weekend, the least is just unemployment
That a disturbed young girl five years ago said that I was worn out,   that I'm completely indifferent toward.
That a confused little girl five years ago said I was good for nothing ...
I'm thinking of upping our side bet to an even quarter million dollars.
I must say, it's an interesting first 20 minutes.
I must say, it's an interesting first 20 minutes.
yeah, i set it up, but i'm just a clearinghouse for a select few demons and soul-traders of very high quality.
We can't start an investigation... on the wild ravings of an inept pilot and two officers.
Our lure is a great one, young friends, but beware - the city of lights casts many shadows indeed.
You must be nuts about a fair few people, then!
Search and rescue operations- -about an hour ago, with a reported 1 03 passengers onboard...
About an hour ago, with a reported 103 passengers on board.
I'm looking for a white male 25 to 45 years old?
He lived 20 miles from an identical murder 2 years ago!
You just took a whole 24 hours to weigh the ups and downs of being a regular Joe and decided it was more fun being a superhero?
It's been a long six years.
A great many things!
He'd been raced an astonishing thirty-five times as a two-year-old, more than triple the average for a horse his age -- and he'd lost nearly every time.
I think he was capable of being a great many things.
Shipping an unheard-of 8,000 miles, Seabiscuit blazed to victory in ten major stakes races, boosting his total earnings for the year to 144,000 dollars  more than the world's top money-winner had earned in his best season ever.
His body shriveled to a scant eighty-six pounds.
What if she gets you a great present two mediums and lots of little ones and you just get her one present?
What if she gets you a great present two mediums and lots of little ones and you just get her one present?
He's such a goody two-shoes.
A little, 18 years.
I know, which is why I gave her an extra 30 minutes.
Your husband was hypotensive for a good 20 minutes.
Well, that's a good many questions, Reid.
Keeping a former 4 months
Last year, Tony paid $1.5 million for a second dredge 150 tons heavier than his first.
Tony paid $1.5 million for a second dredge 150 tons heavier than his first.
Sorry to interrupt, but actually there was a cell phone call made from a portable phone many years before this.
Criteria one, a massive 108 years ahead of its time.
Criteria one, it was an impressive 70 years ahead of its time.
They have built this school over such a vast area 3 grounds belong to the Govt
Spent a good five months figuring out smuggling routes up in Indian Ridge.
Spent a good five months figuring out smuggling routes up in Indian Ridge.
And we will also present an additional 17 extracts where Detective Fuhrman speaks, with personal experience, about police misconduct, planting of evidence, commission of perjury, and the presentation of cover-ups and false testimony in court proceedings.
Get me a central line kit and two pacing catheters.
And let's just keep it an extra 30 seconds, just to be sure.
I mean, you're going back a good many years.
It's been a rough couple weeks for the Flyers.
The fight between state troopers and mine guards on one side, and striking miners on the other, spread to a half-dozen mines.
You have to look them right in the eye for a good three minutes.
You have to look them right in the eye for a good three minutes.
- The harm is we have a full ER and more patients than we can treat, and my top two attendings are treating me like
Their first Oregon operation has so far produced a disappointing 50 ounces.
His new wash plant, Sluicifer, has produced a healthy 126 ounces after just 4 days running.
No work in mind for a mere ten seconds.
he group was forced to add even more dates after selling out an impressive six days at London's renowned O 2 Arena.
When you go on tour the outfit you've got's the outfit you're stuck with so I'm gonna be wearing these clothes for a good eight months now.
So, you had an extra naan and two glasses of wine, so you owe an extra four pounds.
Drew you had the mango lassi, so that's an extra three pounds.
But those are a fierce ass fifteen minutes.
Teemu got to have an emotional farewell 15 years late.
just like helmut simon, his death comes an unlucky 13 years after his first encounter with oetzi.
They've had beams circulating for a full 30 seconds.
Seven contiguous segments, giving me longest road and a sweet-ass ten points for the win.
I have a stable job, I live with a stable guy and two kids in good health.
Dad was in a pretty bad car accident two weeks ago.
Actually, there's been a little hiccup with the photo montage, but the good news is, you'll have an extra 15 minutes to play with at the assembly.
Start over, but, God, if I'm right, if just a little part of you came back to check on Elena, who's had an unbearable 4 months, or Alaric, who just came back from the dead,
Dad was in a pretty bad car accident two weeks ago.
We fear a great many things, but we fear nothing most of all.
We fear a great many things, but we fear nothing most of all.
We fear a great many things, but we fear nothing most of all.
- He's been gone a good 20 minutes.
I'm reading a half-dozen particle cannons... torpedo launchers...
The women have been waiting for the men to join them for a good three hours.
Now tell me, Victoria, it's been a busy, busy few weeks for you, has it not?
Goldman met someone else a flamboyant young doctor ten years younger than herself
I spent a good 30 minutes doing the entire Gettysburg Address.
Not a great many laughs in Miss Crawley, I can tell you.
"so I'm going to go into the army and I'm gonna run a fucking million miles away. "
It's been a wild couple a days.
Looks like he changed his name and reinvented himself as a real estate broker three years ago.
There's blood here, a good 12 feet from the plane.
You know what it feels like to be surrounded by a bunch of horny, lonely, armed men in a foreign country 24 hours a day?
Space travel... a very somber five stars.
We have got a good 10 minutes before my interrogation, and I bet a young buck like you can do a lot in 10 minutes.
We have got a good 10 minutes before my interrogation.
It's been a rough couple days.
It's been a rough couple days.
An old man and two boys struck down some mortally, some slightly touched, some falling merely through fear.
An old man and two boys are grown the mortal bugs o' the field.
I was hoping for a good six months.
What kind of human beings steal money from a senior citizen 10 feet from a jungle gym?
The total amount of Fishscale cocaine seized, a whopping 2,600 pounds.
A whopping 2,600 pounds.
Drink that water for a good 30 days.
A staggering 100 billion gallons of water is used every year in the United States.
So that's an additional eight months ofwateruse, land use, feed, waste and interms ofacarbon footprint, that's a huge difference.
A staggering 100 billion gallons of water is used every year in the United States.
So that's an additional eight months of water use, land use, feed, waste and in terms of a carbon footprint, that's a huge difference.
A staggering 375 billion litres of water is consumed each year in the US.
That's an additional eight months of water use, land use, feed, waste.
Brass confirmed that it was a lump sum electronic deposit of a half-million dollars.
And then we took A good few months in the studio
Most people aren't carrying an extra 120 pounds of dead weight.
Start over, but, God, if I'm right, if just a little part of you came back to check on Elena, who's had an unbearable 4 months, or Alaric, who just came back from the dead,
English as a second language three nights a week is plenty for me.
English as a second language three nights a week is plenty for me.
I think it's a good five minutes, though.
I think it's a good five minutes, though.
Surely you can't say it's because a half dozen stealth drones are soon to be over London and under terrorist control.
Yeah, covered in spit-up and carrying an extra 10 pounds, but thanks.
I think you'd get a whole lot more customers if you had a wider variety of things like legumes, root vegetables, stuff like that.
Plus, we had a fun two months as Scientologists.
His sentence is extended in an additional two years.
His sentence is extended an additional two years.
I got Eddie up to a good five minutes before he had to move into the spare room.
There's a high school three blocks from here.
A mere two, three pounds of this stuff, boom!
If you want us to haul away the old one, It'll be an extra 20 bucks.
It's a full three inches longer than a Land Rover Discovery and it's a full 3% uglier than a troll.
In the engine bay, it was closer to a much toastier minus 17 degrees.
Well, I've got 300 horsepower and a huge turbocharger and 420 spikes in each tyre and gravity to get down there.
A lousy marriage and two kids who, eventually, had pretty much disappointed her.
The only significant treatment she's received was for a broken leg three years ago.
Are you kidding, I can easily carry an extra hundred and... two pounds on my back.
But I am gonna ask you what... happened, because there's a young lady and three kids that need to know, 'cause they wanna understand so they can move on with their lives.
a mere two weeks of this summer.
An estimated 600 journalists are said to follow the visit.
Wouldn't hurt me none seeing a little more places like that.
Now lets consider that other public enemy, gonereha an arch criminal with a half dozen vulgar alias' such as "The Clap",
That'II be a fun next 18 years.
The mature parkland at the rear extends a full 35 feet.
Should make for a very interesting next few days.
Bryce reintroduced the failed bill on a further 11 occasions.
Wow, a whole three seconds.
Wow,a whole three seconds.
You had a good 12 minutes.
In all, a staggering 121,000 donations.
'But the place I'm heading for has a long history and many names.'
There are some days we don't see anyone for a good few hours, so it can be really quiet, you watch the trains go by and no-one comes off.
(And there'll be an extra six shillings a week in your wages.)
A great many people died, Ujimasa.
Got her green card in '96, became a naturalized citizen three years ago.
Became a naturalized citizen three years ago.
You know, our safe house in Tel Aviv is a concrete bunker 100 feet below ground.
They had an attempted robbery four years ago.
Do you realise I've had a full two minutes of your company?
a mere 400 or 500 ryo
I've known Dad a good many more years than you have.
Master Fong, you are a great man 3,000 advisors Loyal subjects everywhere
But give me an extra four hours.
a mere seven years ago.
A good many years ago, Trixie and I came to this country, and my husband was unable to join us then but hoped to shortly.
I think I told you, Mr. Norstaad, that I've been in South America for a good many years, and I've been out of the construction game.
Well that probably earned you an extra 50 quid a week.
I'll give him a fuckin' 30 days if I get my hands on him.
Few would request a same portrait many times!
A long 8 years..
- I'm not a big nine inch nails fan.
The test consists of fifteen questions for a possible one hundred points.
The test consists of 15 questions, for a possible 100 points.
But if the Falcon is trying to join the two... then a great many lives could be in grave danger.
I've told you a d-dozen times, I d-don't want to be Emperor.
They are a mere four points ahead of the other teams.
The important thing is that you lived with it for a full 15 seconds.
The important thing is that you lived with it for a full 1 5 seconds.
Well, it was a grueling two weeks, but you have your son back.
It's probably been a good ten, 15 years since I was any good at it, you know.
It's probably been a good ten, 15 years since I was any good at it, you know.
I have a pregnant wife and three children.
-And a great many others.
Oh, gosh, it's been a strange two days.
Polished up, it might bring another quick four bits... on the open market.
A great many officers and soldiers have been awarded the highest military honours.
It came here in a crashed ship 10 years ago.
Business was good until Kim Lee opened a similar operation three trailers over.
It's been a good like six months, right?
It's been a good like six months, right?
AND THAT WAS A COMPLETE 180 DEGREES
IT LASTED FOR A GOOD TWO YEARS.
And he gives me a lousy 10 bucks?
Once north platte had only been an empty prairie 300 miles from omaha.
It will take a further five years to reach full size and become this remarkable creature.
It was... like a cheap 1 950s farce with underwear, and husbands and hiding in cupboards, but at least we kept our heads in the end and didn't actually do anything, so....
It lets me be a little more hands-on.
There are an estimated seven million illegal immigrants in the U.S.A.
My cocker spaniel can last a full ten minutes before spooging down the hole
He said, "A measly 1,000 bucks for me is much too little.
Let's just say it was a memorable three days.
I'm pretty busy so work for their crimes yeah for help I got some tight what's you know I have a real job many web sites a real job oh okay signed we take a look at this client shops okay the upgrade
And when inflamed, it towered a mere four inches.
That inspector shot an unarmed man three times.
The water is kicked out of the volcano at a scorching 150 degrees centigrade, so by the time it gets down here, it's a little bit cooler.
In 1981, 2 years after the Sandanista revolution, Ronald Reagan's US administration started secretly funding the counter revolutionary Contra army, which prolonged the civil war for a further 9 years.
Up this high, the air stops cooling and remains a constant minus 50 degrees Celsius.
This process then repeats itself in a further two enormous wind cycles both north and south.
It contained the fastest winds ever recorded - a staggering 318 miles an hour.
The Bridge Creek tornado had mown a vast strip 20 miles long through the town and surrounding hills.
Nick's always told us none of us can get involved with the peanut racket, and there's no way I'm going to betray Nick for a kiss on the cheek for a lousy seven seconds.
Where it's a cool 65 degrees.
This country is a mere few decades old.
All we're asking is a measly few bucks.
She's a good bed and three meals a day.
I have a great many things to say to Mr. Trochard... about the way this establishment is run.
I got a nice house and three great kids.
There must've been a powerful explosion several kilometers above the ground.
The key point of the Tunguska Event is that there was a tremendous explosion, a great shock wave many trees burned, an enormous forest fire and yet, no crater in the ground.
So there must be, on a given planetary surface many more impacts of small objects than of large objects.
Eventually, the tremors would die down, but not in a mere 800 years.
Stolen from a British tourist three days ago in Athens.
You know, I remember when, yes, a beggarly 50 pounds a year, that's all she had, and that was too much, putting ideas into her head.
Look, I'll give you an extra ten bucks for the room.
There's a small village 200 miles from here in the interior.
I know he's had a difficult few days.
I SEE YOU'VE GOT A GOOD MANY BOXES.
But for a mere 20 taels.
But for a mere 20 taels, he sold me to the brothel!
That's a full two hours earlier, correct?
It overtook me and it held me under the water for a good 30 seconds...
It's a good four feet.
Has a sister with an isolated house six miles from the dock.
There was radio contact with a Danish commando unit five days before.
It's been a really rough three months.
Mix it up a little, few scrapes and bruises.
So it's done an indicated 103,000 miles.
This machine is reeling in the silk I need for my experiment and she won't miss it because just one spider can produce a whopping 30 metres a day.
I still might, you know, in a next few years or... days.
I'm requesting, as medical command, an additional ten ambulances.
And I was so busy thinking about what I could buy with what I earned, that I just gave him a lousy five bucks and shooed him away like I was swatting a fly.
We have decided to stay a little longer, like 200 years.
After a frightening two hours of back-and-forth...
He was a full six and a half days ahead of his usual schedule.
where a good 50 years later, they were able to X-Ray this box.
You see, at this point, june was a mere three and a half months away-
We matched the slug that killed PFC Salazar to a gun that was used in an unsolved robbery two weeks ago And
We matched the slug that killed PFC Salazar to a gun that was used in an unsolved robbery two weeks ago.
We matched the slug that killed PFC Salazar to a gun that was used in an unsolved robbery two weeks ago.
These club mosses grew a massive 30 metres tall.
I thought you said the school was a mere five minutes from the station.
One has a great many wealthy friends who will risk a tax-deductible loss.
They stirred up a major fight twenty years ago and major sects slaughtered each other
Furthermore, the ad scored an overall 59 points which is three points higher than Hertz's O.J.
to try and cover a pitiful maybe five miles at most.
It lies at a forbidding 400 meters depth.
It's two hours transit to the next most likely target - for some, a very long two hours.
Oh, what an excellent four weeks.
And a long, hard two weeks it was.
Miles Trent, also known as Trenton Miller, Miles "the Squeeze" and about a half dozen other names.
